
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.941802                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                941802404850                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               310789684289259                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 711953                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   711953                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              558765764                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2399548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1685.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1200000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1200000007                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 310789684289259                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        26048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2621696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         8768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data       328064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2984640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        26048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         8768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        34880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       169280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         169280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        40964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst          137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data         5126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              46635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.inst                68                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        27658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      2783701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         9310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data       348336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              3169072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           68                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        27658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         9310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           37035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks         179740                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              179740                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks         179740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.inst               68                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        27658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      2783701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst         9310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data       348336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             3348813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      46635                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      2645                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    46635                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    2645                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2973440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  11200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 167744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2984640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              169280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   175                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             3040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             2745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             2694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             2772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             3275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11              57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12              94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13              77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 941802369219                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                46635                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                2645                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  45474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        24792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   126.683446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.951267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   106.855177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6440     25.98%     25.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17636     71.14%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          209      0.84%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           91      0.37%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           64      0.26%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           54      0.22%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      0.16%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           47      0.19%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          212      0.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        24792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          153                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    303.653595                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  3136.312137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          152     99.35%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36864-38911            1      0.65%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          153                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.130719                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.089806                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.206849                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              74     48.37%     48.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      1.31%     49.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              65     42.48%     92.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              10      6.54%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.65%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  9336448867                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            10207573867                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 232300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   200956.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              219706.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        3.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     3.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      9.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   23137                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1148                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                49.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               43.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  19111249.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   49.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                93169860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                49517160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              166597620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               6911280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        15794404080.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          3409359810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          1024452000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    30957837150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    24787526880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    196196533350                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          272499534120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           289.338328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        931628725621                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2159798433                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   6729250000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 799187535708                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  64551065948                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1284630796                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  67890123965                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                83873580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                44568480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              165126780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               6770340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        16813477200.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          3574161630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          1109478720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    32106671580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    26576732160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    194726164305                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          275219803095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           292.226690                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        931045994406                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2348242272                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   7164572000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 791426917092                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  69210322844                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1242958912                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  70409391730                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 310789684289259                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2619264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data       324096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2977280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        25600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        33920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       169664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         169664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        40926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data         5064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              46520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         2651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              2651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.inst               136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        27182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      2781118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         8698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data       344123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              3161258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          136                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        27182                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         8698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           36016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks         180148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              180148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks         180148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.inst              136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        27182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      2781118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst         8698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data       344123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             3341406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      46520                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      2651                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    46520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    2651                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               2966144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  11136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 167616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2977280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              169664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   174                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             3042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             2904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             2745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             2696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             2759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             2915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             3243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11              74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12              99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13              93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 941802182739                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                46520                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                2651                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  45147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        24707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   126.816206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.189030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   106.609741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6335     25.64%     25.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17655     71.46%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          211      0.85%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          109      0.44%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           55      0.22%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           48      0.19%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      0.12%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           47      0.19%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          218      0.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        24707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    304.894737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  3153.844678                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          151     99.34%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::38912-40959            1      0.66%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          152                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.230263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.173623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.480426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              73     48.03%     48.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      1.32%     49.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              58     38.16%     87.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              15      9.87%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      1.97%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          152                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  9316132231                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            10185119731                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 231730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   201012.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              219762.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        3.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     3.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      9.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   23097                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1155                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                49.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               43.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  19153610.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   49.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                92912820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                49372950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              166297740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               6822540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        15788257680.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          3403774950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          1021050720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    30979138620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    24772248480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    196195406265                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          272488287435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           289.326384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        931650255075                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2150479794                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   6726542000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 799202117701                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  64511203362                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1275127981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  67936934012                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                83538000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                44390115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              164612700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               6848640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        16796267280.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          3540828030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          1112596320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    32109354000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    26552639520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    194747904330                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          275171415135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           292.175314                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        931111353358                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2356275228                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   7157232000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 791549441703                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  69147371098                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1176764486                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  70415320335                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 310789684289259                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                       1                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted                 0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect                 1                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                    0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct                   nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       1                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           4                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         1                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       5                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    941802404850                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                              732                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles                 27                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                              7                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                           1                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches                  1                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                             2                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                       5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                 3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles             6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                         4                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                     2                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples                 40                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.175000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             0.957762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                       38     95.00%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                        1      2.50%     97.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                        0      0.00%     97.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                        0      0.00%     97.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                        0      0.00%     97.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                        0      0.00%     97.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                        1      2.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                6                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                   40                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.001366                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.009563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                       35                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                      8                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                       35                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                      8                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands                   4                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                     7                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups                3                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups                 4                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                        4                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                         0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                    0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                   0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                          5                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                         5                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined               4                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            40                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.125000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.647975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  38     95.00%     95.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                   1      2.50%     97.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                   0      0.00%     97.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                   0      0.00%     97.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                   1      2.50%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              40                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                     3     60.00%     60.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   2     40.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                      5                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.006831                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                          0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 46                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                 5                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            3                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   4                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  4                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                      3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       2                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads                0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                   8                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                     0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect              1                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                    1                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                     3                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                     0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 2                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                            0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                        1                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                          0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.004098                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                              3                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                             3                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                         0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                         0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.004098                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                          nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts               6                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts                 1                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples           37                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.054054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.229243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0           35     94.59%     94.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            2      5.41%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total           37                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                    2                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                      2                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                              0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                             0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                          1                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                         1                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1     50.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu                1     50.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total                 2                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                     0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                           44                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                          18                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                               2                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                             692                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                             1                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                             732.000000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                       732.000000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.001366                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.001366                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       43                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       2                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        32                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 310789684289259                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4097630                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::258                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::259                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::260                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::261                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::262                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::263                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::264                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::265                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::266                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::267                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::268                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::269                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::270                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::271                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::272                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::273                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::258                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::259                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::260                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::261                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::262                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::263                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::264                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::265                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::266                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::267                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::268                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::269                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::270                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::271                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::272                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::273                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::258                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::259                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::260                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::261                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::262                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::263                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::264                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::265                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::266                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::267                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::268                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::269                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::270                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::271                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::272                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::273                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::258                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::259                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::260                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::261                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::262                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::263                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::264                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::265                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::266                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::267                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::268                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::269                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::270                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::271                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::272                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::273                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::0                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::1                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::2                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::3                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::4                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::5                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::6                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::7                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::8                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::9                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::10               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::11               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::12               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::13               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::14               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::15               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::16               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::17               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::18               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::19               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::20               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::21               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::22               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::23               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::24               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::25               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::26               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::27               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::28               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::29               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::30               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::31               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::32               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::33               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::34               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::35               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::36               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::37               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::38               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::39               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::40               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::41               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::42               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::43               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::44               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::45               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::46               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::47               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::48               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::49               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::50               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::51               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::52               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::53               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::54               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::55               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::56               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::57               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::58               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::59               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::60               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::61               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::62               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::63               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::64               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::65               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::66               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::67               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::68               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::69               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::70               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::71               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::72               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::73               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::74               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::75               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::76               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::77               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::78               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::79               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::80               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::81               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::82               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::83               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::84               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::85               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::86               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::87               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::88               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::89               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::90               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::91               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::92               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::93               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::94               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::95               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::96               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::97               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::98               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::99               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::100              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::101              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::102              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::103              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::104              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::105              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::106              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::107              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::108              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::109              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::110              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::111              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::112              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::113              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::114              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::115              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::116              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::117              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::118              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::119              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::120              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::121              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::122              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::123              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::124              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::125              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::126              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::127              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::128              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::129              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::130              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::131              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::132              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::133              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::134              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::135              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::136              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::137              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::138              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::139              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::140              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::141              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::142              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::143              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::144              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::145              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::146              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::147              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::148              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::149              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::150              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::151              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::152              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::153              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::154              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::155              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::156              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::157              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::158              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::159              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::160              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::161              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::162              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::163              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::164              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::165              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::166              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::167              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::168              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::169              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::170              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::171              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::172              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::173              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::174              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::175              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::176              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::177              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::178              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::179              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::180              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::181              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::182              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::183              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::184              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::185              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::186              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::187              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::188              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::189              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::190              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::191              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::192              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::193              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::194              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::195              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::196              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::197              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::198              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::199              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::200              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::201              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::202              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::203              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::204              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::205              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::206              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::207              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::208              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::209              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::210              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::211              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::212              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::213              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::214              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::215              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::216              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::217              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::218              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::219              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::220              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::221              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::222              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::223              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::224              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::225              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::226              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::227              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::228              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::229              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::230              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::231              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::232              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::233              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::234              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::235              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::236              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::237              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::238              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::239              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::240              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::241              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::242              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::243              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::244              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::245              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::246              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::247              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::248              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::249              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::250              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::251              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::252              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::253              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::254              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::255              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::256              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::257              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::258              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::259              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::260              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::261              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::262              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::263              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::264              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::265              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::266              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::267              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::268              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::269              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::270              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::271              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::272              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::273              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::total            0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ranks                  0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_invalid_fill            0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::0         282701829                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::1         168482099                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::2         189867969                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::3         408072455                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::total    1049124352                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::0     214200832                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::1     144833612                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::2     142071591                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::3     548018317                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::total   1049124352                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.913015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           242087491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4098142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             59.072499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      309848316717474                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   492.248062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data    19.664953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.961422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.038408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2010570478                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2010570478                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 310789684289259                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    147194238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     25214567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       172408805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     58943715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     10535520                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69479235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1072                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          467                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1539                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1090                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1545                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    206137953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     35750087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        241888040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    206137953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     35750087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       241888040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2331980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3426784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       5758764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       887922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2270734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3158656                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          265                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           75                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          233                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3219902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      5697518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8917420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3219902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      5697518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8917420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78525574488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  59494919193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 138020493681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23553466956                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  54239600870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  77793067826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      4965363                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      2359638                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7325001                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1473192                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data       699300                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2172492                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102079041444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 113734520063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 215813561507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102079041444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 113734520063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 215813561507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    149526218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     28641351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    178167569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     59831637                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     12806254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72637891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          556                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209357855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     41447605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    250805460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209357855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     41447605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    250805460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.119645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.177314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043485                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.141026                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.160072                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.146896                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.126603                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.141509                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.131046                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.137463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.137463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33673.348180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 17361.736016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23967.034190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26526.504531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 23886.373688                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24628.534360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28212.289773                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 26512.786517                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27641.513208                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         9324                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data         9324                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9324                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31702.530525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 19962.116849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24201.345401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31702.530525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 19962.116849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24201.345401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     12039433                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          959                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            644957                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              58                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.667032                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    16.534483                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::0                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::1                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::2                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::3                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::total                0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1530402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1530402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      2691193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2691193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1932587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1932587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      4623780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4623780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      4623780                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4623780                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2331980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       735591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3067571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       887922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       338147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1226069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           75                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          233                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3219902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1073738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4293640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3219902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1073738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4293640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75419377128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  16201150965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  91620528093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22370754852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  10147431344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32518186196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      4730931                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      2241090                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6972021                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1262736                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data       599400                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1862136                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97790131980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  26348582309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 124138714289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97790131980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  26348582309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 124138714289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.025683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.026405                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.141026                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.160072                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146896                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.126603                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.141509                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131046                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.025906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.025906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32341.348180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 22024.672631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29867.451509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25194.504531                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 30008.935002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26522.313341                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26880.289773                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 25180.786517                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26309.513208                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30370.530525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 24539.116907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28912.231647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30370.530525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 24539.116907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28912.231647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 310789684289259                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              5364                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::258                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::259                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::260                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::261                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::262                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::263                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::264                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::265                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::266                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::267                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::268                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::269                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::270                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::271                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::272                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::273                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::258                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::259                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::260                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::261                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::262                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::263                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::264                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::265                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::266                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::267                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::268                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::269                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::270                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::271                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::272                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::273                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::258                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::259                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::260                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::261                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::262                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::263                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::264                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::265                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::266                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::267                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::268                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::269                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::270                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::271                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::272                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::273                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::258                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::259                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::260                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::261                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::262                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::263                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::264                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::265                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::266                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::267                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::268                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::269                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::270                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::271                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::272                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::273                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::0                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::1                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::2                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::3                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::4                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::5                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::6                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::7                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::8                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::9                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::10               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::11               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::12               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::13               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::14               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::15               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::16               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::17               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::18               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::19               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::20               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::21               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::22               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::23               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::24               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::25               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::26               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::27               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::28               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::29               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::30               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::31               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::32               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::33               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::34               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::35               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::36               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::37               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::38               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::39               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::40               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::41               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::42               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::43               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::44               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::45               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::46               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::47               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::48               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::49               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::50               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::51               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::52               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::53               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::54               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::55               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::56               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::57               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::58               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::59               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::60               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::61               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::62               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::63               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::64               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::65               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::66               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::67               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::68               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::69               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::70               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::71               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::72               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::73               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::74               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::75               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::76               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::77               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::78               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::79               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::80               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::81               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::82               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::83               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::84               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::85               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::86               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::87               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::88               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::89               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::90               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::91               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::92               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::93               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::94               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::95               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::96               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::97               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::98               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::99               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::100              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::101              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::102              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::103              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::104              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::105              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::106              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::107              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::108              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::109              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::110              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::111              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::112              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::113              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::114              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::115              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::116              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::117              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::118              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::119              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::120              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::121              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::122              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::123              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::124              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::125              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::126              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::127              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::128              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::129              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::130              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::131              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::132              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::133              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::134              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::135              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::136              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::137              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::138              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::139              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::140              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::141              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::142              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::143              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::144              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::145              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::146              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::147              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::148              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::149              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::150              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::151              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::152              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::153              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::154              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::155              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::156              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::157              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::158              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::159              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::160              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::161              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::162              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::163              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::164              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::165              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::166              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::167              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::168              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::169              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::170              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::171              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::172              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::173              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::174              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::175              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::176              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::177              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::178              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::179              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::180              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::181              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::182              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::183              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::184              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::185              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::186              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::187              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::188              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::189              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::190              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::191              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::192              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::193              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::194              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::195              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::196              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::197              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::198              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::199              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::200              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::201              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::202              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::203              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::204              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::205              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::206              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::207              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::208              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::209              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::210              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::211              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::212              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::213              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::214              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::215              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::216              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::217              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::218              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::219              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::220              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::221              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::222              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::223              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::224              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::225              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::226              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::227              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::228              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::229              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::230              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::231              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::232              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::233              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::234              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::235              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::236              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::237              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::238              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::239              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::240              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::241              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::242              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::243              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::244              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::245              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::246              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::247              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::248              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::249              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::250              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::251              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::252              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::253              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::254              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::255              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::256              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::257              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::258              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::259              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::260              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::261              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::262              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::263              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::264              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::265              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::266              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::267              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::268              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::269              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::270              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::271              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::272              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::273              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::total            0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ranks                  0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_invalid_fill            0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::0            498404                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::1            253401                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::2            283424                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::3            469027                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::total       1504256                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::0        389683                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::1        208056                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::2        210958                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::3        695559                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::total      1504256                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           394.755314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1023121113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              5876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          174118.637338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      310788442157301                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     1.630958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   384.617618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     8.506738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.751206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.016615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.771006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        8185026012                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       8185026012                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 310789684289259                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000009976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     23111137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1023121113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000009976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     23111137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1023121113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000009976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     23111137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1023121113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         2206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          6404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         2206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           6404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         2206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          6404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       467532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201731400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    136569959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    338768891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       467532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201731400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    136569959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    338768891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       467532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201731400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    136569959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    338768891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000014170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     23113343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1023127517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000014170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     23113343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1023127517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000014170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     23113343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1023127517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       116883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        48100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 61908.412965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52899.576983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       116883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        48100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 61908.412965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52899.576983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       116883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        48100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 61908.412965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52899.576983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2812                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                29                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    96.965517                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::0                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::1                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::2                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::3                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::total                0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              5364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          527                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       344988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196144992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     97571330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    294061310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       344988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196144992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     97571330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    294061310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       344988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196144992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     97571330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    294061310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       114996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        46768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 58112.763550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50044.470728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       114996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        46768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 58112.763550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50044.470728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       114996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        46768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 58112.763550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50044.470728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 310789684289259                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.tags.replacements               3162639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::0                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::1                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::2                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::3                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::4                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::5                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::6                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::7                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::8                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::9                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::10                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::11                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::12                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::13                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::14                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::15                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::16                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::17                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::18                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::19                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::20                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::21                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::22                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::23                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::24                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::25                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::26                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::27                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::28                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::29                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::30                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::31                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::32                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::33                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::34                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::35                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::36                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::37                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::38                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::39                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::40                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::41                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::42                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::43                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::44                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::45                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::46                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::47                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::48                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::49                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::50                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::51                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::52                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::53                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::54                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::55                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::56                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::57                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::58                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::59                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::60                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::61                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::62                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::63                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::64                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::65                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::66                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::67                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::68                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::69                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::70                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::71                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::72                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::73                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::74                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::75                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::76                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::77                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::78                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::79                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::80                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::81                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::82                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::83                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::84                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::85                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::86                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::87                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::88                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::89                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::90                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::91                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::92                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::93                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::94                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::95                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::96                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::97                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::98                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::99                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::100                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::101                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::102                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::103                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::104                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::105                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::106                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::107                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::108                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::109                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::110                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::111                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::112                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::113                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::114                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::115                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::116                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::117                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::118                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::119                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::120                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::121                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::122                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::123                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::124                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::125                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::126                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::127                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::128                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::129                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::130                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::131                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::132                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::133                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::134                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::135                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::136                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::137                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::138                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::139                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::140                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::141                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::142                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::143                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::144                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::145                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::146                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::147                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::148                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::149                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::150                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::151                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::152                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::153                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::154                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::155                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::156                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::157                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::158                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::159                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::160                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::161                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::162                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::163                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::164                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::165                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::166                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::167                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::168                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::169                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::170                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::171                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::172                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::173                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::174                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::175                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::176                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::177                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::178                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::179                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::180                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::181                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::182                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::183                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::184                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::185                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::186                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::187                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::188                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::189                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::190                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::191                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::192                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::193                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::194                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::195                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::196                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::197                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::198                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::199                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::200                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::201                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::202                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::203                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::204                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::205                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::206                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::207                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::208                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::209                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::210                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::211                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::212                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::213                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::214                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::215                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::216                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::217                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::218                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::219                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::220                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::221                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::222                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::223                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::224                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::225                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::226                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::227                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::228                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::229                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::230                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::231                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::232                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::233                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::234                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::235                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::236                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::237                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::238                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::239                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::240                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::241                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::242                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::243                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::244                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::245                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::246                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::247                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::248                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::249                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::250                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::251                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::252                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::253                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::254                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::255                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::256                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::257                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::258                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::259                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::260                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::261                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::262                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::263                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::264                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::265                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::266                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::267                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::268                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::269                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::270                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::271                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::272                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::273                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::total                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::0                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::1                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::2                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::3                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::4                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::5                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::6                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::7                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::8                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::9                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::10                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::11                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::12                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::13                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::14                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::15                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::16                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::17                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::18                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::19                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::20                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::21                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::22                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::23                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::24                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::25                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::26                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::27                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::28                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::29                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::30                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::31                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::32                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::33                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::34                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::35                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::36                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::37                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::38                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::39                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::40                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::41                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::42                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::43                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::44                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::45                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::46                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::47                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::48                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::49                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::50                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::51                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::52                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::53                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::54                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::55                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::56                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::57                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::58                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::59                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::60                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::61                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::62                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::63                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::64                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::65                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::66                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::67                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::68                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::69                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::70                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::71                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::72                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::73                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::74                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::75                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::76                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::77                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::78                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::79                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::80                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::81                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::82                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::83                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::84                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::85                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::86                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::87                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::88                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::89                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::90                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::91                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::92                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::93                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::94                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::95                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::96                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::97                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::98                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::99                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::100                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::101                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::102                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::103                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::104                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::105                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::106                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::107                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::108                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::109                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::110                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::111                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::112                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::113                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::114                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::115                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::116                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::117                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::118                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::119                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::120                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::121                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::122                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::123                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::124                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::125                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::126                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::127                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::128                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::129                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::130                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::131                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::132                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::133                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::134                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::135                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::136                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::137                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::138                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::139                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::140                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::141                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::142                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::143                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::144                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::145                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::146                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::147                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::148                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::149                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::150                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::151                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::152                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::153                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::154                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::155                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::156                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::157                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::158                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::159                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::160                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::161                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::162                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::163                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::164                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::165                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::166                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::167                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::168                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::169                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::170                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::171                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::172                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::173                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::174                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::175                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::176                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::177                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::178                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::179                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::180                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::181                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::182                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::183                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::184                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::185                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::186                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::187                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::188                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::189                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::190                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::191                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::192                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::193                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::194                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::195                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::196                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::197                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::198                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::199                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::200                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::201                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::202                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::203                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::204                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::205                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::206                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::207                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::208                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::209                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::210                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::211                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::212                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::213                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::214                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::215                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::216                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::217                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::218                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::219                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::220                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::221                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::222                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::223                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::224                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::225                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::226                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::227                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::228                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::229                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::230                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::231                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::232                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::233                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::234                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::235                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::236                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::237                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::238                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::239                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::240                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::241                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::242                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::243                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::244                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::245                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::246                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::247                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::248                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::249                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::250                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::251                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::252                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::253                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::254                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::255                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::256                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::257                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::258                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::259                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::260                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::261                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::262                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::263                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::264                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::265                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::266                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::267                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::268                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::269                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::270                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::271                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::272                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::273                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::total                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::0                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::1                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::2                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::3                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::4                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::5                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::6                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::7                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::8                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::9                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::10                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::11                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::12                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::13                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::14                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::15                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::16                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::17                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::18                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::19                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::20                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::21                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::22                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::23                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::24                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::25                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::26                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::27                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::28                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::29                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::30                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::31                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::32                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::33                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::34                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::35                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::36                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::37                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::38                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::39                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::40                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::41                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::42                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::43                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::44                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::45                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::46                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::47                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::48                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::49                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::50                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::51                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::52                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::53                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::54                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::55                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::56                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::57                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::58                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::59                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::60                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::61                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::62                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::63                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::64                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::65                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::66                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::67                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::68                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::69                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::70                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::71                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::72                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::73                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::74                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::75                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::76                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::77                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::78                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::79                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::80                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::81                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::82                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::83                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::84                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::85                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::86                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::87                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::88                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::89                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::90                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::91                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::92                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::93                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::94                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::95                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::96                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::97                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::98                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::99                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::100                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::101                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::102                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::103                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::104                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::105                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::106                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::107                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::108                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::109                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::110                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::111                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::112                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::113                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::114                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::115                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::116                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::117                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::118                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::119                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::120                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::121                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::122                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::123                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::124                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::125                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::126                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::127                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::128                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::129                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::130                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::131                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::132                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::133                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::134                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::135                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::136                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::137                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::138                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::139                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::140                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::141                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::142                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::143                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::144                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::145                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::146                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::147                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::148                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::149                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::150                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::151                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::152                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::153                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::154                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::155                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::156                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::157                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::158                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::159                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::160                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::161                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::162                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::163                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::164                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::165                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::166                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::167                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::168                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::169                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::170                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::171                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::172                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::173                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::174                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::175                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::176                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::177                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::178                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::179                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::180                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::181                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::182                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::183                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::184                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::185                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::186                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::187                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::188                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::189                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::190                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::191                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::192                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::193                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::194                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::195                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::196                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::197                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::198                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::199                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::200                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::201                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::202                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::203                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::204                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::205                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::206                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::207                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::208                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::209                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::210                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::211                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::212                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::213                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::214                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::215                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::216                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::217                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::218                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::219                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::220                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::221                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::222                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::223                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::224                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::225                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::226                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::227                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::228                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::229                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::230                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::231                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::232                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::233                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::234                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::235                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::236                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::237                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::238                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::239                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::240                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::241                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::242                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::243                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::244                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::245                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::246                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::247                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::248                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::249                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::250                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::251                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::252                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::253                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::254                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::255                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::256                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::257                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::258                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::259                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::260                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::261                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::262                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::263                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::264                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::265                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::266                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::267                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::268                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::269                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::270                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::271                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::272                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::273                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::total                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::0                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::1                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::2                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::3                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::4                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::5                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::6                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::7                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::8                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::9                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::10                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::11                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::12                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::13                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::14                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::15                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::16                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::17                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::18                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::19                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::20                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::21                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::22                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::23                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::24                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::25                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::26                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::27                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::28                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::29                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::30                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::31                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::32                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::33                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::34                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::35                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::36                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::37                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::38                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::39                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::40                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::41                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::42                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::43                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::44                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::45                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::46                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::47                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::48                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::49                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::50                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::51                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::52                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::53                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::54                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::55                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::56                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::57                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::58                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::59                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::60                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::61                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::62                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::63                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::64                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::65                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::66                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::67                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::68                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::69                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::70                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::71                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::72                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::73                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::74                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::75                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::76                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::77                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::78                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::79                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::80                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::81                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::82                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::83                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::84                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::85                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::86                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::87                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::88                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::89                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::90                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::91                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::92                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::93                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::94                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::95                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::96                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::97                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::98                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::99                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::100                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::101                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::102                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::103                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::104                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::105                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::106                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::107                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::108                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::109                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::110                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::111                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::112                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::113                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::114                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::115                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::116                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::117                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::118                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::119                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::120                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::121                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::122                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::123                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::124                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::125                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::126                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::127                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::128                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::129                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::130                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::131                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::132                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::133                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::134                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::135                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::136                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::137                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::138                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::139                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::140                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::141                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::142                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::143                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::144                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::145                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::146                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::147                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::148                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::149                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::150                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::151                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::152                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::153                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::154                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::155                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::156                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::157                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::158                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::159                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::160                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::161                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::162                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::163                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::164                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::165                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::166                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::167                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::168                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::169                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::170                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::171                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::172                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::173                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::174                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::175                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::176                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::177                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::178                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::179                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::180                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::181                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::182                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::183                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::184                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::185                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::186                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::187                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::188                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::189                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::190                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::191                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::192                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::193                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::194                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::195                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::196                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::197                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::198                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::199                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::200                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::201                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::202                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::203                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::204                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::205                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::206                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::207                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::208                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::209                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::210                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::211                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::212                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::213                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::214                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::215                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::216                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::217                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::218                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::219                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::220                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::221                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::222                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::223                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::224                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::225                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::226                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::227                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::228                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::229                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::230                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::231                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::232                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::233                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::234                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::235                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::236                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::237                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::238                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::239                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::240                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::241                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::242                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::243                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::244                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::245                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::246                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::247                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::248                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::249                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::250                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::251                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::252                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::253                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::254                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::255                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::256                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::257                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::258                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::259                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::260                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::261                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::262                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::263                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::264                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::265                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::266                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::267                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::268                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::269                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::270                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::271                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::272                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::273                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::total                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::0                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::1                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::2                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::3                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::4                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::5                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::6                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::7                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::8                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::9                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::10                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::11                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::12                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::13                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::14                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::15                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::16                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::17                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::18                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::19                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::20                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::21                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::22                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::23                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::24                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::25                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::26                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::27                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::28                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::29                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::30                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::31                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::32                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::33                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::34                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::35                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::36                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::37                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::38                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::39                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::40                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::41                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::42                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::43                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::44                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::45                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::46                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::47                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::48                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::49                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::50                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::51                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::52                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::53                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::54                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::55                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::56                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::57                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::58                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::59                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::60                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::61                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::62                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::63                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::64                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::65                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::66                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::67                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::68                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::69                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::70                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::71                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::72                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::73                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::74                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::75                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::76                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::77                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::78                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::79                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::80                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::81                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::82                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::83                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::84                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::85                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::86                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::87                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::88                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::89                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::90                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::91                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::92                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::93                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::94                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::95                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::96                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::97                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::98                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::99                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::100                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::101                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::102                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::103                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::104                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::105                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::106                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::107                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::108                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::109                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::110                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::111                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::112                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::113                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::114                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::115                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::116                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::117                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::118                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::119                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::120                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::121                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::122                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::123                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::124                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::125                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::126                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::127                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::128                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::129                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::130                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::131                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::132                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::133                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::134                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::135                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::136                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::137                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::138                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::139                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::140                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::141                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::142                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::143                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::144                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::145                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::146                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::147                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::148                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::149                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::150                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::151                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::152                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::153                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::154                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::155                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::156                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::157                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::158                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::159                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::160                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::161                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::162                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::163                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::164                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::165                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::166                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::167                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::168                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::169                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::170                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::171                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::172                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::173                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::174                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::175                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::176                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::177                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::178                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::179                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::180                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::181                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::182                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::183                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::184                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::185                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::186                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::187                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::188                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::189                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::190                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::191                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::192                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::193                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::194                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::195                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::196                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::197                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::198                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::199                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::200                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::201                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::202                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::203                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::204                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::205                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::206                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::207                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::208                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::209                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::210                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::211                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::212                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::213                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::214                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::215                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::216                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::217                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::218                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::219                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::220                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::221                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::222                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::223                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::224                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::225                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::226                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::227                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::228                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::229                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::230                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::231                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::232                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::233                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::234                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::235                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::236                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::237                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::238                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::239                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::240                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::241                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::242                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::243                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::244                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::245                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::246                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::247                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::248                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::249                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::250                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::251                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::252                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::253                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::254                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::255                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::256                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::257                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::258                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::259                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::260                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::261                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::262                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::263                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::264                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::265                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::266                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::267                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::268                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::269                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::270                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::271                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::272                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::273                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::total                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ranks                      0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_invalid_fill               0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::0                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::1                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::2                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::3                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::4                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::5                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::6                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::7                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::8                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::0                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::1                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::2                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::3                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::4                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::5                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::6                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::7                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::8                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::total                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::0             294581110                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::1             184904876                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::2             190366092                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::3             454737490                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::total        1124589568                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::0         225564334                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::1         159840404                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::2         149995654                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::3         589189176                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::total    1124589568                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.tagsinuse              4014.946345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_refs                 4000490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.sampled_refs               3166607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_refs                  1.263336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.warmup_cycle          309851510893767                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1300.956192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.009308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    18.254182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2591.339448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.731038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data   103.656177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.317616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.632651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.025307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          986                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          530                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.tag_accesses              71617104                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2.tags.data_accesses             71617104                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 310789684289259                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1530402                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1530402                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5364                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         5364                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       195250                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          523                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total           195773                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          158                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            233                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        24590                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        21310                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             45900                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1110                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          233                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1343                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       659629                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       235660                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        895289                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       684219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       256970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::total               942532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       684219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       256970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::total              942532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       668082                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       316333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          984415                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3084                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1446                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4533                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1672527                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       500015                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2172542                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2340609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       816348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::total            3161490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2340609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       816348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::total           3161490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19946379654                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   9565572186                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  29511951840                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       341991                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184192956                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     94143096                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    278678043                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68481498618                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  13720329936                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  82201828554                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       341991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184192956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88427878272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     94143096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  23285902122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::total 111992458437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       341991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184192956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88427878272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     94143096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  23285902122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::total 111992458437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1530402                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1530402                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5364                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5364                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       195250                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          523                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       195773                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          158                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          233                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       692672                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       337643                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       1030315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4194                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1679                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5876                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2332156                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       735675                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3067831                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3024828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      1073318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::total          4104022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3024828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      1073318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::total         4104022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.964500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.936886                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.955451                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.735336                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.861227                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.771443                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.717159                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.679668                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.708169                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.735336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.773799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.861227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.760584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::total        0.770339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.735336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.773799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.861227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.760584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::total       0.770339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29856.184801                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 30238.932347                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29979.177319                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       113997                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59725.342412                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 65105.875519                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61477.618134                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40944.928613                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 27439.836677                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37836.703987                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       113997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59725.342412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37779.859119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 65105.875519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 28524.479906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35423.948340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       113997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59725.342412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37779.859119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 65105.875519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 28524.479906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35423.948340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::0                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::1                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::2                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::3                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::total                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::writebacks          2349755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::total               2349755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         9600                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         9600                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       668082                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       316333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       984415                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3084                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1446                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         4533                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1672527                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       500015                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2172542                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2340609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       816348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       3161490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2340609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       816348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total      3161490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11047527414                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   5352016626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16399544040                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       302031                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    143114076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     74882376                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218298483                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46203438978                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   7060183416                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53263622394                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       302031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    143114076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57250966392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     74882376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  12412200042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  69881464917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       302031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    143114076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57250966392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     74882376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  12412200042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  69881464917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.964500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.936886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.735336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.861227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.771443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.717159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.679668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.735336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.773799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.861227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.760584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.770339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.735336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.773799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.861227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.760584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.770339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16536.184801                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 16918.932347                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16659.177319                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       100677                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 46405.342412                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 51785.875519                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48157.618134                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27624.928613                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 14119.943234                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24516.728512                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       100677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 46405.342412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24459.859119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 51785.875519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 15204.545172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22103.965193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       100677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 46405.342412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24459.859119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 51785.875519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 15204.545172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22103.965193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      8403022                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4299000                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        15628                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        15628                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 310789684289259                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       3073703                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3880157                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5364                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      3380422                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       195773                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          233                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       196006                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1030315                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1030315                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         5876                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3067831                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side        17116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side     12685930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          12703046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side       719360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side    360226816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          360946176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoops                     3162949                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             150384320                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples      7462977                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.002094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.045713                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            7447349     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1              15628      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        7462977                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     3821026482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       5875104                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    4159319168                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 310789684289259                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                     25735                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::0                      15463                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::1                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::2                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::3                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::4                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::5                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::6                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::7                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::8                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::9                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::10                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::11                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::12                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::13                      1187                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::14                      3360                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::15                      4812                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::16                      7547                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::17                      3483                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::18                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::19                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::20                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::21                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::22                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::23                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::24                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::25                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::26                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::27                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::28                       948                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::29                      5297                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::30                     18043                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::31                     39963                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::32                     26989                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::33                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::34                      1824                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::35                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::36                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::37                       226                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::38                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::39                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::40                        91                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::41                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::42                       194                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::43                       751                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::44                      1542                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::45                     13966                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::46                     67697                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::47                    121283                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::48                     71904                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::49                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::50                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::51                      5461                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::52                       148                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::53                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::54                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::55                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::56                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::57                       292                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::58                       438                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::59                      1427                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::60                      5213                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::61                     26736                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::62                    106454                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::63                    203786                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::64                     81439                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::65                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::66                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::67                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::68                     15766                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::69                       251                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::70                       321                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::71                       714                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::72                       271                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::73                       226                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::74                       955                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::75                      2298                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::76                      7409                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::77                     41643                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::78                    130195                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::79                    229184                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::80                     54591                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::81                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::82                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::83                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::84                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::85                      7135                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::86                       589                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::87                       787                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::88                       324                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::89                       787                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::90                      1735                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::91                      5275                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::92                     12579                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::93                     42945                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::94                    117904                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::95                    160166                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::96                     24978                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::97                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::98                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::99                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::100                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::101                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::102                    10731                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::103                      723                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::104                     1394                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::105                     1536                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::106                     3883                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::107                     5148                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::108                    15695                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::109                    42323                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::110                    78968                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::111                    82562                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::112                     7224                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::113                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::114                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::115                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::116                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::117                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::118                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::119                    10593                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::120                     1685                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::121                     1634                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::122                     3433                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::123                     7508                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::124                    16208                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::125                    36291                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::126                    60022                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::127                    36841                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::128                     1013                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::129                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::130                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::131                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::132                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::133                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::134                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::135                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::136                    24518                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::137                     2163                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::138                     4414                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::139                     6742                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::140                    15169                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::141                    25492                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::142                    30122                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::143                    13064                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::144                      379                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::145                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::146                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::147                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::148                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::149                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::150                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::151                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::152                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::153                    22181                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::154                     3492                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::155                     6866                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::156                    12523                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::157                    19988                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::158                    16507                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::159                     5552                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::160                      294                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::161                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::162                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::163                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::164                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::165                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::166                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::167                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::168                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::169                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::170                    30557                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::171                     4932                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::172                    10742                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::173                    13124                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::174                    10267                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::175                     1797                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::176                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::177                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::178                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::179                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::180                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::181                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::182                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::183                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::184                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::185                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::186                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::187                    64904                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::188                     6251                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::189                     6796                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::190                     4365                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::191                      454                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::192                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::193                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::194                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::195                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::196                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::197                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::198                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::199                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::200                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::201                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::202                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::203                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::204                    62952                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::205                     4185                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::206                      895                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::207                       84                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::208                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::209                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::210                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::211                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::212                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::213                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::214                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::215                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::216                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::217                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::218                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::219                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::220                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::221                    30023                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::222                      538                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::223                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::224                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::225                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::226                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::227                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::228                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::229                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::230                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::231                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::232                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::233                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::234                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::235                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::236                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::237                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::238                     3515                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::239                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::240                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::241                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::242                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::243                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::244                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::245                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::246                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::247                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::248                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::249                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::250                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::251                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::252                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::253                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::254                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::255                       84                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::256                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::257                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::258                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::259                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::260                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::261                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::262                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::263                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::264                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::265                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::266                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::267                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::268                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::269                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::270                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::271                118546506                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::272                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::273                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::total              121134844                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::0                       3247                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::1                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::2                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::3                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::4                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::5                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::6                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::7                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::8                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::9                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::10                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::11                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::12                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::13                       859                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::14                      2409                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::15                      3084                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::16                      5271                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::17                      1016                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::18                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::19                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::20                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::21                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::22                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::23                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::24                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::25                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::26                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::27                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::28                       611                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::29                      3519                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::30                     12355                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::31                     27431                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::32                     18845                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::33                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::34                       474                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::35                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::36                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::37                        13                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::38                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::39                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::40                        82                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::41                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::42                       144                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::43                       459                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::44                      1199                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::45                      9755                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::46                     45042                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::47                     81733                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::48                     48301                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::49                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::50                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::51                      1506                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::52                        48                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::53                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::54                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::55                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::56                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::57                       232                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::58                       380                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::59                      1132                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::60                      3763                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::61                     18638                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::62                     72375                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::63                    138148                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::64                     55382                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::65                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::66                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::67                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::68                      3937                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::69                       127                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::70                       215                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::71                       398                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::72                       266                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::73                       145                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::74                       758                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::75                      1753                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::76                      5521                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::77                     29110                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::78                     90914                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::79                    154771                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::80                     37323                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::81                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::82                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::83                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::84                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::85                      2487                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::86                       203                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::87                       477                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::88                       216                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::89                       590                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::90                      1370                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::91                      4365                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::92                      9666                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::93                     31411                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::94                     81970                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::95                    109222                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::96                     16984                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::97                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::98                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::99                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::100                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::101                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::102                     4755                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::103                      382                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::104                      920                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::105                     1229                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::106                     2969                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::107                     4269                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::108                    12144                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::109                    31530                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::110                    56417                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::111                    57653                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::112                     4951                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::113                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::114                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::115                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::116                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::117                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::118                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::119                     6402                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::120                     1052                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::121                     1154                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::122                     2361                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::123                     5868                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::124                    12740                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::125                    28511                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::126                    44282                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::127                    25611                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::128                      688                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::129                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::130                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::131                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::132                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::133                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::134                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::135                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::136                    19221                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::137                     1618                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::138                     3277                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::139                     5383                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::140                    11812                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::141                    20765                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::142                    22725                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::143                     9687                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::144                      287                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::145                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::146                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::147                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::148                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::149                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::150                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::151                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::152                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::153                    17137                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::154                     2773                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::155                     5416                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::156                    10005                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::157                    15923                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::158                    12849                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::159                     4457                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::160                      209                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::161                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::162                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::163                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::164                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::165                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::166                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::167                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::168                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::169                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::170                    23666                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::171                     3960                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::172                     8499                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::173                    10576                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::174                     8160                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::175                     1328                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::176                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::177                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::178                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::179                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::180                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::181                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::182                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::183                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::184                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::185                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::186                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::187                    50397                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::188                     4900                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::189                     5621                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::190                     3417                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::191                      364                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::192                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::193                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::194                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::195                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::196                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::197                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::198                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::199                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::200                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::201                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::202                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::203                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::204                    48466                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::205                     3317                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::206                      739                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::207                       67                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::208                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::209                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::210                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::211                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::212                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::213                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::214                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::215                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::216                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::217                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::218                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::219                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::220                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::221                    24261                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::222                      414                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::223                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::224                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::225                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::226                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::227                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::228                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::229                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::230                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::231                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::232                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::233                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::234                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::235                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::236                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::237                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::238                     2698                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::239                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::240                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::241                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::242                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::243                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::244                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::245                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::246                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::247                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::248                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::249                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::250                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::251                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::252                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::253                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::254                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::255                       69                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::256                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::257                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::258                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::259                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::260                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::261                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::262                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::263                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::264                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::265                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::266                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::267                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::268                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::269                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::270                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::271                 66605679                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::272                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::273                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::total               68417682                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::0                       1750                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::1                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::2                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::3                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::4                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::5                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::6                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::7                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::8                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::9                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::10                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::11                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::12                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::13                       506                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::14                      1436                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::15                      2102                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::16                      3543                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::17                       568                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::18                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::19                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::20                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::21                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::22                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::23                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::24                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::25                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::26                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::27                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::28                       395                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::29                      2192                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::30                      7486                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::31                     16835                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::32                     11943                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::33                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::34                       361                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::35                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::36                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::37                        10                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::38                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::39                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::40                        61                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::41                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::42                        90                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::43                       301                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::44                       725                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::45                      5896                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::46                     28277                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::47                     51671                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::48                     30871                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::49                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::50                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::51                      1147                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::52                        41                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::53                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::54                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::55                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::56                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::57                       153                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::58                       291                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::59                       674                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::60                      2317                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::61                     11770                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::62                     45656                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::63                     86593                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::64                     34946                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::65                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::66                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::67                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::68                      2756                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::69                        79                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::70                       145                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::71                       274                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::72                       160                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::73                        75                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::74                       530                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::75                      1178                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::76                      3593                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::77                     18704                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::78                     57383                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::79                     98740                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::80                     23450                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::81                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::82                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::83                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::84                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::85                      2020                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::86                       148                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::87                       343                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::88                       146                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::89                       425                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::90                       935                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::91                      3021                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::92                      6554                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::93                     20717                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::94                     53278                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::95                     69874                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::96                     10676                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::97                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::98                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::99                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::100                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::101                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::102                     3320                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::103                      341                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::104                      640                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::105                      805                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::106                     2117                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::107                     3146                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::108                     8675                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::109                    21932                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::110                    37378                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::111                    37021                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::112                     3191                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::113                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::114                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::115                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::116                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::117                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::118                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::119                     4322                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::120                      696                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::121                      884                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::122                     2144                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::123                     4378                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::124                     9937                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::125                    21104                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::126                    30909                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::127                    17097                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::128                      428                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::129                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::130                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::131                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::132                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::133                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::134                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::135                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::136                    11017                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::137                     1186                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::138                     2516                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::139                     4287                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::140                     9767                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::141                    16390                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::142                    16337                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::143                     6479                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::144                      196                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::145                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::146                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::147                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::148                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::149                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::150                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::151                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::152                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::153                    15106                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::154                     2063                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::155                     4571                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::156                     8676                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::157                    13804                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::158                    10134                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::159                     3244                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::160                      156                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::161                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::162                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::163                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::164                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::165                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::166                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::167                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::168                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::169                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::170                    22255                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::171                     3132                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::172                     7616                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::173                     9251                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::174                     7089                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::175                     1056                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::176                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::177                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::178                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::179                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::180                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::181                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::182                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::183                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::184                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::185                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::186                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::187                    52636                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::188                     4133                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::189                     4922                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::190                     3260                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::191                      336                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::192                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::193                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::194                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::195                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::196                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::197                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::198                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::199                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::200                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::201                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::202                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::203                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::204                    52504                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::205                     2970                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::206                      678                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::207                       93                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::208                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::209                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::210                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::211                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::212                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::213                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::214                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::215                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::216                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::217                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::218                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::219                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::220                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::221                    26484                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::222                      484                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::223                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::224                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::225                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::226                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::227                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::228                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::229                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::230                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::231                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::232                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::233                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::234                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::235                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::236                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::237                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::238                     4134                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::239                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::240                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::241                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::242                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::243                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::244                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::245                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::246                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::247                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::248                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::249                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::250                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::251                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::252                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::253                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::254                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::255                      100                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::256                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::257                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::258                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::259                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::260                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::261                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::262                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::263                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::264                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::265                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::266                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::267                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::268                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::269                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::270                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::271                 47517686                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::272                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::273                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::total               48783024                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::0                        788                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::1                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::2                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::3                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::4                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::5                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::6                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::7                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::8                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::9                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::10                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::11                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::12                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::13                       520                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::14                      1243                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::15                      1778                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::16                      2839                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::17                       309                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::18                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::19                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::20                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::21                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::22                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::23                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::24                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::25                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::26                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::27                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::28                       350                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::29                      2048                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::30                      6660                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::31                     15099                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::32                     10319                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::33                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::34                       157                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::35                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::36                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::37                         7                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::38                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::39                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::40                        22                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::41                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::42                        84                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::43                       281                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::44                       630                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::45                      5455                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::46                     25640                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::47                     45601                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::48                     27100                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::49                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::50                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::51                       334                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::52                        19                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::53                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::54                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::55                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::56                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::57                        91                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::58                       171                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::59                       607                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::60                      2019                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::61                     10440                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::62                     41243                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::63                     78609                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::64                     30985                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::65                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::66                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::67                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::68                      1349                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::69                        55                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::70                        87                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::71                       150                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::72                        71                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::73                        66                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::74                       317                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::75                       915                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::76                      2933                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::77                     16015                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::78                     51236                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::79                     88185                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::80                     21084                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::81                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::82                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::83                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::84                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::85                       646                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::86                        84                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::87                       185                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::88                        82                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::89                       246                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::90                       568                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::91                      1931                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::92                      4993                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::93                     17055                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::94                     45856                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::95                     61890                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::96                      9570                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::97                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::98                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::99                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::100                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::101                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::102                     1674                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::103                       90                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::104                      374                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::105                      526                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::106                     1271                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::107                     1773                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::108                     5726                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::109                    16087                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::110                    31269                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::111                    32684                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::112                     2810                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::113                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::114                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::115                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::116                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::117                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::118                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::119                     2235                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::120                      407                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::121                      424                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::122                      766                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::123                     2470                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::124                     5403                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::125                    13166                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::126                    23507                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::127                    14403                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::128                      431                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::129                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::130                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::131                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::132                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::133                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::134                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::135                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::136                     7708                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::137                      665                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::138                     1313                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::139                     2020                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::140                     4724                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::141                     8777                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::142                    11456                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::143                     5330                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::144                      162                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::145                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::146                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::147                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::148                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::149                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::150                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::151                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::152                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::153                     4712                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::154                     1144                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::155                     2091                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::156                     3612                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::157                     6093                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::158                     5822                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::159                     2107                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::160                      109                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::161                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::162                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::163                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::164                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::165                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::166                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::167                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::168                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::169                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::170                     6978                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::171                     1544                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::172                     3095                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::173                     3913                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::174                     3156                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::175                      683                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::176                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::177                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::178                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::179                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::180                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::181                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::182                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::183                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::184                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::185                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::186                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::187                    13311                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::188                     2124                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::189                     2117                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::190                     1246                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::191                      126                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::192                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::193                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::194                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::195                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::196                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::197                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::198                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::199                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::200                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::201                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::202                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::203                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::204                    13230                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::205                     1304                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::206                      248                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::207                       12                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::208                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::209                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::210                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::211                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::212                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::213                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::214                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::215                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::216                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::217                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::218                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::219                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::220                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::221                     6784                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::222                      100                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::223                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::224                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::225                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::226                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::227                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::228                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::229                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::230                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::231                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::232                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::233                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::234                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::235                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::236                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::237                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::238                      149                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::239                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::240                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::241                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::242                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::243                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::244                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::245                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::246                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::247                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::248                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::249                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::250                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::251                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::252                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::253                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::254                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::255                        3                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::256                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::257                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::258                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::259                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::260                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::261                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::262                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::263                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::264                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::265                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::266                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::267                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::268                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::269                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::270                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::271                 36026961                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::272                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::273                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::total               36949442                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::0                       14                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::1                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::2                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::3                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::4                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::5                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::6                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::7                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::8                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::9                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::10                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::11                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::12                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::13                       8                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::14                       4                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::15                      14                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::16                      26                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::17                       3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::18                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::19                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::20                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::21                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::22                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::23                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::24                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::25                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::26                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::27                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::28                       1                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::29                      17                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::30                      36                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::31                      97                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::32                      88                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::33                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::34                       3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::35                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::36                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::37                       1                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::38                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::39                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::40                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::41                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::42                       1                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::43                       1                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::44                       1                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::45                      33                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::46                     174                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::47                     390                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::48                     470                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::49                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::50                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::51                      10                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::52                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::53                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::54                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::55                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::56                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::57                       1                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::58                       3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::59                       4                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::60                      19                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::61                      81                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::62                     334                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::63                     807                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::64                    1092                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::65                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::66                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::67                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::68                      16                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::69                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::70                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::71                       1                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::72                       2                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::73                       2                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::74                       3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::75                       8                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::76                      25                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::77                     115                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::78                     445                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::79                    1257                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::80                    1629                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::81                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::82                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::83                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::84                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::85                       6                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::86                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::87                       3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::88                       2                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::89                       2                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::90                       5                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::91                      11                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::92                      46                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::93                     145                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::94                     536                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::95                    1351                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::96                    2009                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::97                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::98                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::99                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::100                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::101                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::102                     16                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::103                      3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::104                      3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::105                      4                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::106                     16                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::107                     17                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::108                     41                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::109                    179                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::110                    497                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::111                   1158                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::112                   1906                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::113                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::114                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::115                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::116                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::117                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::118                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::119                     19                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::120                      5                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::121                      9                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::122                      9                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::123                     25                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::124                     39                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::125                    157                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::126                    446                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::127                   1002                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::128                   1314                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::129                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::130                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::131                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::132                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::133                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::134                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::135                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::136                     60                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::137                      4                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::138                     10                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::139                     22                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::140                     68                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::141                    129                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::142                    336                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::143                    637                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::144                    859                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::145                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::146                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::147                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::148                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::149                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::150                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::151                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::152                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::153                     56                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::154                      9                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::155                     20                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::156                     48                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::157                    130                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::158                    250                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::159                    458                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::160                    477                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::161                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::162                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::163                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::164                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::165                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::166                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::167                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::168                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::169                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::170                     88                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::171                     14                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::172                     47                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::173                    101                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::174                    211                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::175                    259                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::176                    258                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::177                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::178                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::179                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::180                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::181                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::182                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::183                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::184                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::185                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::186                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::187                    251                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::188                     25                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::189                     62                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::190                    137                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::191                    179                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::192                    113                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::193                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::194                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::195                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::196                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::197                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::198                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::199                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::200                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::201                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::202                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::203                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::204                    338                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::205                     53                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::206                     86                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::207                    134                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::208                     70                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::209                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::210                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::211                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::212                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::213                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::214                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::215                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::216                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::217                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::218                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::219                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::220                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::221                    534                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::222                     55                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::223                     62                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::224                     52                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::225                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::226                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::227                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::228                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::229                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::230                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::231                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::232                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::233                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::234                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::235                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::236                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::237                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::238                    476                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::239                     32                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::240                     18                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::241                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::242                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::243                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::244                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::245                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::246                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::247                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::248                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::249                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::250                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::251                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::252                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::253                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::254                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::255                    209                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::256                     13                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::257                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::258                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::259                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::260                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::261                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::262                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::263                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::264                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::265                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::266                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::267                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::268                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::269                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::270                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::271                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::272                     68                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::273                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::total                25735                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ranks                      25735                       # Total number of eranks.
system.l3.tags.total_invalid_fill             1049597                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::0                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::1                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::2                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::3                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::4                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::5                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::6                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::7                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::8                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::0                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::1                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::2                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::3                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::4                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::5                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::6                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::7                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::8                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::total                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::0                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::1                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::2                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::3                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::4                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::total                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::0                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::1                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::2                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::3                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::total                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 56687.376256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     5242525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     90917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                     57.662758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle              310116386976000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15297.314798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.683575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   501.521020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 40877.464347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     3.836838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data     4.555678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.233418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.007653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.623741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.864981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2890                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11620                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        30603                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        19234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994598                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                 203268388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                203268388                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 310789684289259                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2349755                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2349755                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       657553                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       306379                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                963932                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2277                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1601166                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst         1181                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       499775                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2104399                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          2277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       2258719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       806154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  3068331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2277                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2258719                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst         1181                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       806154                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 3068331                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10529                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data         9954                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               20483                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          807                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        71361                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          265                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data          236                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           72672                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        81890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        10190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  93155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          807                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        81890                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          265                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        10190                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 93155                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1773855702                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data    981877140                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2755732842                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       280053                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    105355872                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23286740616                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     56153124                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data     54928350                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  23503458015                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst        280053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    105355872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25060596318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     56153124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   1036805490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      26259190857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       280053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    105355872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25060596318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     56153124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   1036805490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     26259190857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2349755                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2349755                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       668082                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       316333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            984415                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3084                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1672527                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1446                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       500011                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2177071                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2340609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       816344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              3161486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2340609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       816344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             3161486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015760                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.031467                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.020807                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.261673                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.183264                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000472                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033381                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.261673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.183264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.012482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.029466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.261673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.183264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.012482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.029466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 168473.330991                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 98641.464738                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134537.560025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        93351                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 130552.505576                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 326323.070248                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 211898.581132                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 232747.245763                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 323418.345649                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        93351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 130552.505576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 306027.553035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 211898.581132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 101747.349362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 281887.079137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        93351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 130552.505576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 306027.553035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 211898.581132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 101747.349362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 281887.079137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.total_trans::0                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::1                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::2                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::3                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::total                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks                 5296                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                      5296                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          146                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           146                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10529                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data         9954                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          20483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          807                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        71361                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          265                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data          236                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        72672                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        81890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        10190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             93155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        81890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        10190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            93155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1495146573                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data    718375207                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2213521780                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       200494                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     83993157                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21397639426                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     49136191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data     48682405                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21579651673                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       200494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     83993157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22892785999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     49136191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data    767057612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23793173453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       200494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     83993157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22892785999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     49136191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data    767057612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23793173453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.031467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.261673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.183264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.261673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.183264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.012482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.029466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.261673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.183264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.012482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.029466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 142002.713743                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 72169.500402                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108066.288141                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66831.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104080.739777                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 299850.610642                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 185419.588679                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 206281.377119                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296945.889380                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66831.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104080.739777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 279555.330309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 185419.588679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 75275.526202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 255414.883291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66831.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104080.739777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 279555.330309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 185419.588679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 75275.526202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 255414.883291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        118726                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25571                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 310789684289259                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              72672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            20275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             20483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            20483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         72672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       106061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       105820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       211881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 211881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3153920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3146944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      6300864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6300864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             93155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   93155    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               93155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            99192194                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy            98995909                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          500760253                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            149527466                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              11589                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        149539055                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            59832885                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2579                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        59835464                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            209360351                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              14168                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        209374519                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1000014170                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                41                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1000014211                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 941802404850                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2719493998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1000000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1000000002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     581326619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      547783909                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls            22021345                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts     56731014                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            581326619                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             547783909                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads    912046187                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    352386712                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads    790830978                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    476045726                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             209374519                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           149539055                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts           59835464                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       23290.913757                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       2719470707.086243                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999991                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000009                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                  88984892                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass      33760345      3.38%      3.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         357847879     35.78%     39.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult          4378289      0.44%     39.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     39.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd       243684988     24.37%     63.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp        21501707      2.15%     66.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt        19958760      2.00%     68.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult      109505713     10.95%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             481      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt            241      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead         35251228      3.53%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite        20992520      2.10%     84.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead    114289075     11.43%     96.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite     38842944      3.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1000014170                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.lookups      18785546                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condPredicted     12415776                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condIncorrect       213158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBLookups     11252356                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHits      10963476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHitPct    97.432715                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.usedRAS       2090480                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.RASInCorrect           16                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectLookups           61                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectHits            1                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectMisses           60                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            5                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_hits           37289301                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_misses            40104                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_acv                   7                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_accesses       37329405                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_hits          13040843                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_misses           11513                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_acv                  4                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_accesses      13052356                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_hits           50330144                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_misses            51617                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_acv                  11                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_accesses       50381761                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_hits          23113345                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_misses             245                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_accesses      23113590                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 941802404850                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.numCycles              108717229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23316277                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Insts            228650648                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Branches          18785546                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.predictedBranches     13053957                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Cycles            85060292                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.SquashCycles        447710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.TlbCycles              415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.MiscStallCycles          424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         8985                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          120                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.CacheLines        23113345                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheSquashes        51487                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.ItlbSquashes             1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::samples    108610368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::mean     2.105238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.102026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::0       66131074     60.89%     60.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::1        4349891      4.01%     64.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::2        5184057      4.77%     69.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::3        3062715      2.82%     72.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::4        4462900      4.11%     76.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::5        2781821      2.56%     79.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::6        2918865      2.69%     81.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::7        2281757      2.10%     83.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::8       17437288     16.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::total    108610368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.branchRate        0.172793                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rate              2.103168                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.IdleCycles       13782393                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BlockedCycles     61863758                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.RunCycles        20264910                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.UnblockCycles     12475966                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashCycles       223340                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchResolved     10790528                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchMispred          529                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.DecodedInsts    224775720                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashedInsts         2098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SquashCycles       223340                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IdleCycles       17876345                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.BlockCycles      19480916                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializeStallCycles        92981                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RunCycles        28215594                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UnblockCycles     42721191                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedInsts    223611207                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.ROBFullEvents       681401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IQFullEvents     25562201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.LQFullEvents      8264926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SQFullEvents      7001033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedOperands    187699589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenameLookups    338933487                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.int_rename_lookups    141471100                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.fp_rename_lookups    197462248                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.CommittedMaps    172162222                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UndoneMaps       15537293                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializingInsts         1053                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.tempSerializingInsts          900                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.skidInsts        65412612                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedLoads     33528287                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedStores     13371831                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3223258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingStores      1303193                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsAdded        216290695                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1586                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsIssued       214786953                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        11872                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16292210                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11189329                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          526                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    108610368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.977592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.888074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     29170921     26.86%     26.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23734803     21.85%     48.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     20050603     18.46%     67.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     14137369     13.02%     80.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10124386      9.32%     89.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4913227      4.52%     94.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3321508      3.06%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1714298      1.58%     98.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1443253      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    108610368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        223312      3.95%      3.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntMult           30      0.00%      3.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      3.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       274313      4.86%      8.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp        81372      1.44%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt         8080      0.14%     10.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult      2527575     44.76%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv           26      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt           28      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemRead       354916      6.28%     61.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       189024      3.35%     64.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead      1435503     25.42%     90.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite       552904      9.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     70960428     33.04%     33.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       900950      0.42%     33.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     33.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     58937183     27.44%     60.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      5162702      2.40%     63.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt      3313974      1.54%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     25034952     11.66%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv          117      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt           41      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      7717057      3.59%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4532717      2.11%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead     29699554     13.83%     96.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      8527278      3.97%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::total    214786953                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.rate                 1.975648                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_cnt           5647083                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.026292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    277603251                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     89985328                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     83859828                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    266239977                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    142604987                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125849847                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_alu_accesses     84878434                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_alu_accesses     135555602                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4086828                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3356468                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4372                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         5867                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       565039                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            3                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5076552                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewSquashCycles       223340                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewBlockCycles       6898092                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewUnblockCycles      2639935                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    222340405                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33528287                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13371831                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          886                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIQFullEvents       947207                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      1453501                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         5867                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117520                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.branchMispredicts       221080                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecutedInsts    214520963                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37329440                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       265989                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_nop             6048124                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_refs           50381825                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_branches       17894563                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_stores         13052385                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_rate           1.973201                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_sent            209834912                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_count           209709675                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_producers       157470827                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_consumers       226955640                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_rate             1.928946                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_fanout           0.693840                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16719053                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branchMispredicts       212643                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    106378033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.932615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.929396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     53983860     50.75%     50.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22020300     20.70%     71.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4726876      4.44%     75.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2908872      2.73%     78.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2148431      2.02%     80.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       917542      0.86%     81.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2162440      2.03%     83.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       846660      0.80%     84.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     16663052     15.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    106378033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedInsts    205587778                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedOps    205587778                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.refs             42978589                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.loads            30171801                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.membars               530                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branches         16841234                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.fp_insts        121009933                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.int_insts       111742899                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.function_calls      1810278                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      5587774      2.72%      2.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     66796729     32.49%     35.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult       802505      0.39%     35.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     35.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd     57123504     27.79%     63.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp      4994353      2.43%     65.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt      3095320      1.51%     67.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult     24208317     11.78%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          116      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt           41      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6947129      3.38%     82.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4443708      2.16%     84.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     23225202     11.30%     95.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      8363080      4.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::total    205587778                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.bw_lim_events     16663052                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_reads          311954446                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_writes         446861734                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus_1.timesIdled                  1487                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus_1.idleCycles                106861                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus_1.committedInsts         200000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.committedOps           200000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi                     0.543586                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi_total               0.543586                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc                     1.839635                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc_total               1.839635                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_reads      143493335                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_writes      69462291                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_reads       186932102                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_writes      111295598                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_reads      56350721                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_writes         1060                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      6318533                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3157047                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            310                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          310                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 310789684289259                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2177071                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2355051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          827731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           984415                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          984415                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2177071                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side      9480019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side    352719424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                           25735                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                    338944                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3187221                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.009862                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                3186911     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                    310      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            3187221                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2886539904                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2105549676                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
