
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.638329                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2638328657040                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               146115316974114                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 273414                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   273414                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              601129204                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2541004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4388.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1200000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1200000006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 146115316974114                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.data            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        20864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    467692224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         6720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data     84645504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         552365696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        20864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         6720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        27712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks    280608128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      280608128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.data               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7307691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst          105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data      1322586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            8630714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks      4384502                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           4384502                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.inst                49                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.data                97                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         7908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    177268371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         2547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data     32083002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            209361974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           49                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         7908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         2547                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           10504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      106358291                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           106358291                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      106358291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.inst               49                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.data               97                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         7908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    177268371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst         2547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data     32083002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           315720265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    8630714                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   4384502                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  8630714                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 4384502                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             552364288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              280606656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              552365696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           280608128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           539487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           539890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           540267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           540647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           539679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           538854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           538891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           539902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           539966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           538040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          537363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          540261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          540041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          539662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          539202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          538540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           275523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           274159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           273611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           274166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           274223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           274058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           273819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           273419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           273176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           273120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          274031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          275575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          274225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          272982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          273367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          275025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2638328634941                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              8630714                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             4384502                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                8163176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                 336301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                 112115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  19097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                136083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                142683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                245878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                255854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                257476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                257474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                257271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                257206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                257395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                257432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                257231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                257185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                257180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                257416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                257981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                259866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                256467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                256031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      8988919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    92.666313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.208678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    58.499149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      6514596     72.47%     72.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255      2054340     22.85%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       375062      4.17%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        32474      0.36%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7547      0.08%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2490      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          890      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          420      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1100      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      8988919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       255772                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.743643                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    55.935745                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       255771    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       255772                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       255772                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.142138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.108810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.069268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          114791     44.88%     44.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            3851      1.51%     46.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18          124555     48.70%     95.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19           11407      4.46%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             961      0.38%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21             165      0.06%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              25      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23              13      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       255772                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                231280543435                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           393106018435                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               43153460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    26797.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               45547.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      209.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      106.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   209.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   106.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 3114365                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 911879                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                36.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               20.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    202711.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   30.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             32094021540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             17058354225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            30827785380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           11447345160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        207738485760.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        194762206170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          5405226720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   890148029700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    77667397920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy     13028150310                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1480195619685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           561.035338                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        2197111085780                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3264392710                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  87907952000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  42763161748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 202257966080                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 350045172379                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1952090012123                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             32086917240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             17054593380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            30795355500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           11439635220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        207423175440.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        194354507970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          5374553760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   891507388500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    76359707520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy     13165873260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1479579645870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           560.801869                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        2198096908568                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3188367425                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  87772190000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  44163095556                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 198860521327                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 349271191047                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1955073291685                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 146115316974114                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.data             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        20288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    467621952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data     84635200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         552284224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        20288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        27008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    280621504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      280621504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.data               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7306593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data      1322425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            8629441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      4384711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           4384711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.inst                24                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.data                24                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         7690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    177241736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         2523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data     32079097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            209331094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           24                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         7690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         2523                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           10237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      106363361                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           106363361                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      106363361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.inst               24                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.data               24                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         7690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    177241736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst         2523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data     32079097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           315694455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    8629441                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   4384711                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  8629441                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 4384711                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             552282560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              280619840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              552284224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           280621504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           539279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           539915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           539559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           541004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           539482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           538894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           538806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           539557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           540177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           537718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          537555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          540074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          539957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          539597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          538980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          538861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           275433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           274305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           273492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           274243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           274178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           274052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           273914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           273304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           273274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           273001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          274163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          275579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          274260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          273022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          273391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          275074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2638328447916                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              8629441                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             4384711                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                8162129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                 335874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                 112100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  19311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                136221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                142916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                245881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                255957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                257553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                257457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                257220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                257240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                257435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                257357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                257188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                257083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                257118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                257471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                257936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                259901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                256365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                256037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      8990608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    92.641274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.188232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    58.505171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      6518576     72.50%     72.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255      2053015     22.84%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       374081      4.16%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        32420      0.36%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7676      0.09%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2347      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          931      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          477      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1085      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      8990608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       255762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.739973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    55.847209                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       255760    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       255762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       255762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.143614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.110259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.069852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          114606     44.81%     44.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            3903      1.53%     46.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18          124664     48.74%     95.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19           11378      4.45%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20            1024      0.40%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21             135      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              27      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23              12      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               9      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       255762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                230690575028                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           392492106278                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               43147075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    26733.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               45483.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      209.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      106.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   209.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   106.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 3113116                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 910368                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                36.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               20.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    202727.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   30.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             32089094940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             17055743265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            30819781440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           11447047620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        207681938880.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        194613516540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          5398600320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   890208075780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    77595700800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy     13099864920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1480028182005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           560.971876                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        2197431914117                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3266517481                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  87883636000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  43161060068                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 202072067250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 349746545932                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1952198830309                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             32103903300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             17063614095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            30794241660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           11441008080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        207456366000.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        193913790240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          5387760480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   891280164840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    76872277920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy     13228784385                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1479562804890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           560.795483                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        2198987787256                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3215578683                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  87786536000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  44252021872                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 200185277479                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 348338755101                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1954550487905                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 146115316974114                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                       0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted                 0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect                 0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                    0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct                   nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                           13                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                       13                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                           13                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                       13                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           4                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       4                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2638328657040                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                              582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles                 49                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                             23                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                             3                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                       3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                 7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                         4                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                     2                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples                 60                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.383333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.688362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                       57     95.00%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                        0      0.00%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                        0      0.00%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                        0      0.00%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                        0      0.00%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                        0      0.00%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                        0      0.00%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                        1      1.67%     96.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                        2      3.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                   60                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                         0                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.039519                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                       53                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                     2                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                     23                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                       53                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                       2                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                     23                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands                  22                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                    34                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups               19                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups                15                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                     2                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                       20                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                         0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                   11                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                   1                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                         23                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                        16                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined              21                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           28                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            60                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.266667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.989207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  55     91.67%     91.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                   1      1.67%     93.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                   1      1.67%     95.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                   0      0.00%     95.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                   2      3.33%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                   1      1.67%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            5                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              60                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                     1      6.25%      6.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%      6.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%      6.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%      6.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%      6.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%      6.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  2     12.50%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                    6     37.50%     56.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                   0      0.00%     56.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead               7     43.75%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                     16                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.027491                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                          0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 74                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                17                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            1                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  18                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 27                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            3                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                      7                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       9                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads                0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads           10                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            1                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                       2                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  23                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    11                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                    1                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect              0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                    0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    16                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    13                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                           13                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                        0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                          0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.027491                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                              4                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                             4                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                         1                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                         1                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.006873                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                            1                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts              21                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples           56                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.035714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.187256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0           54     96.43%     96.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            2      3.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total           56                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                    2                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                      2                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                              1                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                             1                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                          0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          1                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                         2                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu                1     50.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            1     50.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total                 2                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                     0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                           78                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                          49                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                               3                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                             522                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                           2                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                             2                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                             291.000000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                       291.000000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.003436                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.003436                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       54                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       1                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                        3                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 146115316974114                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          21170435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::0                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::1                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::2                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::3                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::4                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::5                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::6                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::7                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::8                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::9                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::10                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::11                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::12                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::13                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::14                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::15                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::16                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::17                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::18                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::19                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::20                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::21                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::22                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::23                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::24                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::25                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::26                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::27                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::28                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::29                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::30                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::31                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::32                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::33                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::34                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::35                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::36                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::37                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::38                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::39                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::40                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::41                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::42                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::43                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::44                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::45                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::46                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::47                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::48                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::49                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::50                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::51                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::52                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::53                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::54                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::55                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::56                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::57                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::58                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::59                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::60                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::61                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::62                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::63                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::64                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::65                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::66                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::67                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::68                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::69                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::70                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::71                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::72                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::73                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::74                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::75                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::76                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::77                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::78                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::79                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::80                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::81                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::82                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::83                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::84                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::85                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::86                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::87                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::88                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::89                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::90                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::91                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::92                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::93                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::94                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::95                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::96                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::97                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::98                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::99                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::100                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::101                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::102                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::103                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::104                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::105                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::106                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::107                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::108                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::109                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::110                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::111                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::112                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::113                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::114                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::115                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::116                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::117                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::118                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::119                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::120                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::121                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::122                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::123                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::124                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::125                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::126                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::127                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::128                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::129                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::130                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::131                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::132                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::133                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::134                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::135                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::136                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::137                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::138                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::139                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::140                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::141                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::142                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::143                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::144                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::145                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::146                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::147                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::148                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::149                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::150                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::151                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::152                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::153                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::154                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::155                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::156                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::157                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::158                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::159                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::160                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::161                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::162                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::163                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::164                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::165                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::166                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::167                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::168                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::169                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::170                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::171                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::172                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::173                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::174                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::175                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::176                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::177                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::178                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::179                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::180                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::181                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::182                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::183                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::184                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::185                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::186                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::187                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::188                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::189                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::190                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::191                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::192                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::193                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::194                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::195                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::196                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::197                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::198                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::199                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::200                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::201                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::202                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::203                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::204                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::205                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::206                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::207                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::208                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::209                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::210                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::211                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::212                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::213                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::214                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::215                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::216                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::217                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::218                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::219                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::220                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::221                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::222                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::223                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::224                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::225                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::226                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::227                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::228                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::229                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::230                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::231                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::232                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::233                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::234                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::235                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::236                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::237                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::238                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::239                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::240                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::241                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::242                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::243                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::244                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::245                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::246                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::247                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::248                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::249                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::250                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::251                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::252                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::253                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::254                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::255                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::256                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::257                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::0                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::1                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::2                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::3                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::4                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::5                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::6                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::7                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::8                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::9                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::10                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::11                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::12                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::13                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::14                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::15                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::16                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::17                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::18                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::19                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::20                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::21                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::22                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::23                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::24                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::25                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::26                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::27                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::28                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::29                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::30                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::31                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::32                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::33                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::34                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::35                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::36                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::37                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::38                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::39                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::40                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::41                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::42                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::43                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::44                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::45                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::46                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::47                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::48                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::49                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::50                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::51                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::52                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::53                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::54                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::55                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::56                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::57                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::58                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::59                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::60                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::61                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::62                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::63                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::64                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::65                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::66                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::67                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::68                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::69                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::70                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::71                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::72                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::73                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::74                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::75                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::76                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::77                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::78                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::79                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::80                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::81                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::82                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::83                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::84                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::85                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::86                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::87                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::88                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::89                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::90                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::91                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::92                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::93                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::94                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::95                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::96                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::97                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::98                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::99                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::100                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::101                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::102                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::103                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::104                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::105                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::106                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::107                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::108                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::109                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::110                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::111                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::112                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::113                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::114                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::115                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::116                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::117                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::118                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::119                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::120                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::121                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::122                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::123                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::124                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::125                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::126                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::127                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::128                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::129                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::130                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::131                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::132                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::133                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::134                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::135                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::136                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::137                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::138                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::139                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::140                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::141                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::142                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::143                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::144                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::145                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::146                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::147                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::148                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::149                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::150                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::151                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::152                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::153                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::154                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::155                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::156                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::157                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::158                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::159                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::160                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::161                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::162                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::163                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::164                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::165                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::166                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::167                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::168                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::169                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::170                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::171                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::172                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::173                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::174                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::175                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::176                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::177                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::178                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::179                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::180                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::181                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::182                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::183                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::184                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::185                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::186                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::187                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::188                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::189                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::190                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::191                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::192                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::193                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::194                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::195                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::196                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::197                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::198                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::199                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::200                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::201                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::202                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::203                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::204                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::205                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::206                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::207                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::208                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::209                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::210                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::211                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::212                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::213                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::214                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::215                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::216                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::217                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::218                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::219                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::220                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::221                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::222                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::223                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::224                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::225                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::226                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::227                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::228                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::229                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::230                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::231                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::232                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::233                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::234                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::235                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::236                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::237                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::238                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::239                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::240                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::241                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::242                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::243                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::244                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::245                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::246                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::247                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::248                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::249                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::250                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::251                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::252                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::253                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::254                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::255                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::256                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::257                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::0                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::1                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::2                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::3                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::4                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::5                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::6                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::7                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::8                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::9                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::10                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::11                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::12                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::13                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::14                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::15                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::16                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::17                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::18                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::19                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::20                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::21                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::22                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::23                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::24                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::25                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::26                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::27                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::28                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::29                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::30                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::31                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::32                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::33                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::34                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::35                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::36                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::37                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::38                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::39                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::40                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::41                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::42                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::43                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::44                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::45                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::46                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::47                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::48                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::49                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::50                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::51                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::52                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::53                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::54                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::55                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::56                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::57                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::58                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::59                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::60                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::61                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::62                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::63                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::64                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::65                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::66                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::67                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::68                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::69                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::70                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::71                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::72                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::73                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::74                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::75                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::76                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::77                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::78                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::79                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::80                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::81                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::82                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::83                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::84                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::85                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::86                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::87                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::88                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::89                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::90                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::91                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::92                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::93                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::94                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::95                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::96                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::97                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::98                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::99                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::100                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::101                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::102                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::103                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::104                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::105                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::106                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::107                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::108                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::109                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::110                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::111                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::112                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::113                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::114                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::115                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::116                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::117                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::118                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::119                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::120                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::121                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::122                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::123                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::124                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::125                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::126                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::127                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::128                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::129                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::130                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::131                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::132                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::133                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::134                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::135                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::136                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::137                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::138                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::139                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::140                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::141                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::142                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::143                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::144                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::145                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::146                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::147                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::148                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::149                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::150                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::151                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::152                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::153                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::154                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::155                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::156                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::157                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::158                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::159                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::160                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::161                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::162                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::163                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::164                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::165                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::166                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::167                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::168                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::169                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::170                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::171                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::172                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::173                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::174                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::175                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::176                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::177                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::178                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::179                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::180                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::181                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::182                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::183                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::184                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::185                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::186                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::187                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::188                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::189                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::190                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::191                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::192                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::193                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::194                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::195                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::196                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::197                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::198                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::199                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::200                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::201                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::202                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::203                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::204                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::205                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::206                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::207                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::208                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::209                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::210                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::211                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::212                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::213                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::214                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::215                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::216                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::217                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::218                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::219                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::220                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::221                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::222                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::223                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::224                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::225                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::226                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::227                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::228                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::229                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::230                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::231                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::232                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::233                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::234                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::235                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::236                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::237                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::238                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::239                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::240                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::241                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::242                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::243                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::244                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::245                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::246                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::247                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::248                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::249                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::250                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::251                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::252                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::253                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::254                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::255                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::256                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::257                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::0                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::1                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::2                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::3                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::4                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::5                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::6                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::7                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::8                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::9                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::10                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::11                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::12                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::13                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::14                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::15                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::16                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::17                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::18                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::19                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::20                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::21                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::22                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::23                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::24                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::25                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::26                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::27                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::28                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::29                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::30                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::31                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::32                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::33                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::34                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::35                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::36                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::37                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::38                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::39                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::40                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::41                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::42                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::43                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::44                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::45                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::46                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::47                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::48                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::49                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::50                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::51                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::52                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::53                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::54                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::55                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::56                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::57                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::58                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::59                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::60                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::61                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::62                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::63                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::64                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::65                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::66                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::67                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::68                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::69                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::70                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::71                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::72                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::73                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::74                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::75                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::76                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::77                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::78                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::79                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::80                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::81                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::82                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::83                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::84                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::85                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::86                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::87                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::88                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::89                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::90                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::91                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::92                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::93                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::94                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::95                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::96                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::97                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::98                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::99                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::100                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::101                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::102                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::103                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::104                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::105                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::106                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::107                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::108                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::109                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::110                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::111                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::112                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::113                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::114                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::115                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::116                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::117                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::118                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::119                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::120                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::121                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::122                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::123                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::124                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::125                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::126                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::127                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::128                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::129                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::130                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::131                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::132                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::133                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::134                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::135                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::136                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::137                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::138                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::139                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::140                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::141                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::142                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::143                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::144                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::145                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::146                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::147                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::148                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::149                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::150                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::151                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::152                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::153                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::154                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::155                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::156                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::157                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::158                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::159                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::160                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::161                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::162                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::163                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::164                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::165                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::166                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::167                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::168                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::169                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::170                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::171                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::172                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::173                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::174                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::175                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::176                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::177                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::178                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::179                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::180                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::181                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::182                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::183                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::184                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::185                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::186                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::187                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::188                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::189                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::190                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::191                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::192                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::193                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::194                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::195                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::196                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::197                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::198                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::199                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::200                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::201                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::202                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::203                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::204                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::205                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::206                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::207                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::208                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::209                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::210                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::211                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::212                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::213                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::214                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::215                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::216                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::217                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::218                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::219                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::220                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::221                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::222                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::223                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::224                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::225                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::226                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::227                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::228                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::229                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::230                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::231                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::232                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::233                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::234                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::235                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::236                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::237                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::238                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::239                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::240                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::241                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::242                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::243                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::244                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::245                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::246                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::247                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::248                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::249                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::250                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::251                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::252                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::253                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::254                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::255                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::256                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::257                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::0        2235183074                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::1         717624036                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::2         758047980                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::3        1708907342                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::total    5419762432                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::0    1433120967                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::1     623701543                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::2     600096183                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::3    2762843739                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::total   5419762432                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.989449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           473336864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          21170947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             22.357850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      143477132084163                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.105871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   483.357842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data    28.525736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.944058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.055714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        3985257355                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       3985257355                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 146115316974114                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    319030788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     86635422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       405666210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     57076404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     10590969                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       67667373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           59                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           59                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           61                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    376107192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     97226391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        473333583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    376107192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     97226391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       473333583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     17598351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4436774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      22035131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       140421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data         1474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       141895                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     17738772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4438248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       22177026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     17738772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4438248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      22177026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       565767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1568955539268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 374621399604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1943577504639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4687843131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data     19764986                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4707608117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       996336                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       996336                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       303030                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       303030                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       565767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1573643382399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 374641164590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1948285112756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       565767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1573643382399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 374641164590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1948285112756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    336629139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     91072196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    427701341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     57216825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     10592443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     67809268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           96                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    393845964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data    101664639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    495510609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    393845964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data    101664639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    495510609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.048717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002454                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.385417                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.385417                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.364583                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.364583                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.043656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.043656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 94294.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89153.554175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 84435.537984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88203.582935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33384.202726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 13409.081411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33176.701906                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        26928                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        26928                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         8658                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8658                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 94294.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88712.081220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 84411.949172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87851.505101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 94294.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88712.081220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 84411.949172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87851.505101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     83938948                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            993296                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    84.505473                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      9054444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           9054444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1003033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1003034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1003248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1003249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1003248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1003249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17598351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3433741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21032097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       140421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data         1259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       141680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17738772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3435000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21173777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17738772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3435000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21173777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       459873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1557235037502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 304502702490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1861738199865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4594322745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data     15662491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4609985236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       971694                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971694                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       279720                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       279720                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       459873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1561829360247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 304518364981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1866348185101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       459873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1561829360247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 304518364981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1866348185101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.037704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002454                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002089                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.385417                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385417                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.364583                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364583                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.033788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.033788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91974.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88487.554175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 88679.577898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88518.905170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32718.202726                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 12440.421763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32538.009853                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        26262                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        26262                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91974.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88046.081220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 88651.634638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88144.320454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91974.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88046.081220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 88651.634638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88144.320454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 146115316974114                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::0                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::1                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::2                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::3                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::4                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::5                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::6                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::7                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::8                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::9                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::10                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::11                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::12                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::13                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::14                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::15                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::16                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::17                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::18                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::19                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::20                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::21                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::22                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::23                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::24                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::25                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::26                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::27                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::28                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::29                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::30                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::31                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::32                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::33                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::34                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::35                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::36                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::37                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::38                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::39                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::40                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::41                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::42                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::43                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::44                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::45                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::46                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::47                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::48                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::49                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::50                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::51                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::52                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::53                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::54                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::55                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::56                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::57                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::58                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::59                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::60                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::61                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::62                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::63                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::64                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::65                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::66                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::67                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::68                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::69                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::70                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::71                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::72                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::73                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::74                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::75                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::76                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::77                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::78                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::79                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::80                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::81                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::82                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::83                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::84                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::85                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::86                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::87                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::88                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::89                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::90                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::91                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::92                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::93                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::94                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::95                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::96                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::97                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::98                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::99                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::100                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::101                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::102                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::103                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::104                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::105                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::106                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::107                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::108                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::109                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::110                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::111                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::112                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::113                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::114                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::115                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::116                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::117                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::118                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::119                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::120                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::121                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::122                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::123                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::124                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::125                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::126                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::127                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::128                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::129                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::130                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::131                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::132                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::133                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::134                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::135                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::136                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::137                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::138                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::139                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::140                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::141                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::142                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::143                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::144                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::145                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::146                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::147                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::148                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::149                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::150                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::151                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::152                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::153                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::154                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::155                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::156                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::157                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::158                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::159                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::160                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::161                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::162                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::163                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::164                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::165                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::166                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::167                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::168                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::169                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::170                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::171                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::172                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::173                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::174                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::175                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::176                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::177                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::178                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::179                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::180                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::181                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::182                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::183                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::184                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::185                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::186                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::187                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::188                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::189                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::190                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::191                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::192                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::193                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::194                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::195                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::196                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::197                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::198                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::199                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::200                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::201                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::202                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::203                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::204                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::205                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::206                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::207                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::208                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::209                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::210                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::211                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::212                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::213                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::214                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::215                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::216                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::217                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::218                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::219                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::220                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::221                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::222                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::223                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::224                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::225                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::226                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::227                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::228                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::229                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::230                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::231                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::232                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::233                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::234                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::235                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::236                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::237                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::238                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::239                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::240                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::241                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::242                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::243                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::244                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::245                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::246                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::247                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::248                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::249                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::250                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::251                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::252                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::253                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::254                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::255                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::256                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::257                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::0                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::1                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::2                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::3                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::4                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::5                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::6                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::7                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::8                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::9                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::10                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::11                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::12                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::13                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::14                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::15                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::16                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::17                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::18                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::19                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::20                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::21                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::22                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::23                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::24                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::25                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::26                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::27                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::28                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::29                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::30                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::31                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::32                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::33                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::34                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::35                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::36                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::37                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::38                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::39                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::40                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::41                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::42                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::43                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::44                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::45                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::46                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::47                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::48                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::49                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::50                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::51                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::52                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::53                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::54                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::55                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::56                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::57                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::58                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::59                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::60                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::61                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::62                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::63                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::64                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::65                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::66                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::67                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::68                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::69                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::70                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::71                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::72                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::73                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::74                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::75                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::76                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::77                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::78                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::79                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::80                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::81                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::82                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::83                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::84                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::85                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::86                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::87                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::88                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::89                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::90                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::91                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::92                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::93                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::94                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::95                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::96                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::97                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::98                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::99                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::100                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::101                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::102                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::103                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::104                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::105                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::106                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::107                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::108                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::109                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::110                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::111                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::112                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::113                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::114                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::115                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::116                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::117                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::118                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::119                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::120                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::121                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::122                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::123                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::124                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::125                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::126                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::127                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::128                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::129                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::130                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::131                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::132                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::133                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::134                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::135                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::136                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::137                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::138                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::139                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::140                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::141                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::142                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::143                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::144                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::145                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::146                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::147                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::148                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::149                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::150                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::151                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::152                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::153                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::154                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::155                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::156                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::157                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::158                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::159                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::160                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::161                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::162                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::163                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::164                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::165                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::166                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::167                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::168                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::169                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::170                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::171                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::172                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::173                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::174                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::175                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::176                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::177                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::178                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::179                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::180                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::181                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::182                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::183                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::184                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::185                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::186                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::187                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::188                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::189                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::190                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::191                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::192                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::193                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::194                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::195                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::196                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::197                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::198                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::199                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::200                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::201                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::202                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::203                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::204                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::205                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::206                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::207                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::208                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::209                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::210                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::211                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::212                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::213                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::214                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::215                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::216                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::217                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::218                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::219                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::220                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::221                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::222                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::223                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::224                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::225                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::226                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::227                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::228                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::229                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::230                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::231                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::232                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::233                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::234                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::235                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::236                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::237                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::238                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::239                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::240                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::241                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::242                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::243                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::244                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::245                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::246                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::247                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::248                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::249                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::250                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::251                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::252                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::253                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::254                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::255                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::256                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::257                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::0                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::1                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::2                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::3                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::4                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::5                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::6                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::7                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::8                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::9                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::10                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::11                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::12                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::13                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::14                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::15                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::16                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::17                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::18                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::19                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::20                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::21                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::22                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::23                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::24                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::25                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::26                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::27                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::28                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::29                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::30                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::31                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::32                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::33                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::34                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::35                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::36                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::37                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::38                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::39                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::40                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::41                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::42                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::43                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::44                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::45                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::46                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::47                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::48                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::49                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::50                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::51                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::52                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::53                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::54                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::55                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::56                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::57                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::58                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::59                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::60                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::61                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::62                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::63                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::64                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::65                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::66                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::67                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::68                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::69                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::70                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::71                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::72                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::73                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::74                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::75                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::76                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::77                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::78                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::79                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::80                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::81                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::82                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::83                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::84                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::85                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::86                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::87                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::88                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::89                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::90                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::91                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::92                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::93                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::94                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::95                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::96                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::97                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::98                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::99                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::100                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::101                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::102                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::103                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::104                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::105                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::106                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::107                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::108                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::109                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::110                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::111                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::112                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::113                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::114                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::115                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::116                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::117                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::118                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::119                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::120                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::121                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::122                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::123                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::124                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::125                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::126                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::127                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::128                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::129                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::130                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::131                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::132                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::133                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::134                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::135                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::136                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::137                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::138                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::139                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::140                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::141                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::142                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::143                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::144                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::145                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::146                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::147                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::148                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::149                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::150                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::151                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::152                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::153                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::154                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::155                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::156                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::157                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::158                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::159                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::160                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::161                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::162                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::163                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::164                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::165                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::166                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::167                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::168                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::169                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::170                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::171                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::172                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::173                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::174                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::175                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::176                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::177                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::178                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::179                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::180                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::181                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::182                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::183                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::184                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::185                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::186                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::187                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::188                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::189                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::190                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::191                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::192                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::193                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::194                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::195                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::196                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::197                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::198                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::199                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::200                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::201                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::202                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::203                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::204                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::205                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::206                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::207                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::208                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::209                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::210                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::211                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::212                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::213                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::214                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::215                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::216                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::217                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::218                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::219                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::220                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::221                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::222                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::223                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::224                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::225                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::226                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::227                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::228                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::229                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::230                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::231                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::232                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::233                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::234                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::235                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::236                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::237                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::238                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::239                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::240                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::241                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::242                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::243                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::244                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::245                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::246                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::247                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::248                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::249                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::250                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::251                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::252                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::253                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::254                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::255                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::256                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::257                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::0                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::1                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::2                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::3                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::4                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::5                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::6                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::7                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::8                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::9                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::10                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::11                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::12                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::13                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::14                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::15                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::16                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::17                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::18                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::19                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::20                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::21                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::22                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::23                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::24                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::25                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::26                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::27                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::28                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::29                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::30                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::31                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::32                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::33                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::34                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::35                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::36                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::37                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::38                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::39                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::40                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::41                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::42                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::43                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::44                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::45                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::46                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::47                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::48                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::49                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::50                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::51                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::52                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::53                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::54                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::55                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::56                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::57                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::58                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::59                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::60                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::61                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::62                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::63                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::64                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::65                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::66                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::67                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::68                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::69                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::70                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::71                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::72                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::73                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::74                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::75                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::76                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::77                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::78                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::79                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::80                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::81                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::82                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::83                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::84                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::85                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::86                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::87                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::88                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::89                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::90                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::91                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::92                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::93                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::94                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::95                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::96                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::97                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::98                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::99                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::100                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::101                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::102                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::103                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::104                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::105                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::106                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::107                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::108                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::109                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::110                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::111                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::112                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::113                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::114                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::115                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::116                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::117                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::118                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::119                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::120                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::121                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::122                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::123                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::124                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::125                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::126                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::127                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::128                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::129                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::130                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::131                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::132                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::133                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::134                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::135                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::136                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::137                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::138                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::139                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::140                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::141                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::142                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::143                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::144                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::145                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::146                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::147                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::148                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::149                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::150                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::151                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::152                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::153                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::154                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::155                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::156                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::157                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::158                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::159                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::160                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::161                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::162                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::163                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::164                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::165                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::166                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::167                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::168                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::169                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::170                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::171                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::172                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::173                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::174                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::175                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::176                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::177                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::178                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::179                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::180                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::181                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::182                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::183                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::184                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::185                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::186                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::187                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::188                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::189                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::190                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::191                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::192                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::193                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::194                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::195                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::196                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::197                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::198                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::199                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::200                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::201                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::202                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::203                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::204                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::205                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::206                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::207                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::208                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::209                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::210                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::211                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::212                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::213                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::214                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::215                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::216                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::217                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::218                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::219                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::220                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::221                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::222                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::223                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::224                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::225                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::226                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::227                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::228                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::229                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::230                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::231                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::232                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::233                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::234                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::235                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::236                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::237                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::238                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::239                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::240                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::241                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::242                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::243                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::244                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::245                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::246                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::247                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::248                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::249                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::250                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::251                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::252                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::253                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::254                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::255                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::256                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::257                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::0             92049                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::1             44777                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::2             37489                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::3             44565                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::total        218880                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::0         76973                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::1         37578                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::2         29055                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::3         75274                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::total       218880                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           360.401487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1017843365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1190460.076023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      146010114259137                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     1.684372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   352.493713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     6.223401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.688464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.012155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.703909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        8142755295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       8142755295                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 146115316974114                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000540182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     17303183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1017843365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000540182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     17303183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1017843365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000540182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     17303183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1017843365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       363636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     72974952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     27272367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100610955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       363636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     72974952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     27272367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100610955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       363636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     72974952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     27272367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100610955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000540825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     17303476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1017844305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000540825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     17303476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1017844305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000540825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     17303476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1017844305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113491.371695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 93079.750853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107032.930851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113491.371695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 93079.750853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107032.930851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113491.371695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 93079.750853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107032.930851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          343                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               343                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst           84                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       269730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     72546714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     21223755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94040199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       269730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     72546714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     21223755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94040199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       269730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     72546714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     21223755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94040199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        89910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 112825.371695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 101549.066986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109988.536842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        89910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 112825.371695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 101549.066986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109988.536842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        89910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 112825.371695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 101549.066986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109988.536842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 146115316974114                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.tags.replacements              19594395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::0                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::1                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::2                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::3                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::4                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::5                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::6                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::7                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::8                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::9                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::10                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::11                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::12                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::13                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::14                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::15                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::16                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::17                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::18                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::19                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::20                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::21                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::22                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::23                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::24                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::25                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::26                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::27                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::28                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::29                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::30                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::31                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::32                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::33                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::34                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::35                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::36                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::37                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::38                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::39                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::40                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::41                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::42                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::43                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::44                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::45                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::46                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::47                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::48                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::49                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::50                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::51                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::52                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::53                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::54                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::55                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::56                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::57                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::58                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::59                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::60                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::61                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::62                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::63                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::64                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::65                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::66                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::67                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::68                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::69                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::70                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::71                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::72                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::73                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::74                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::75                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::76                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::77                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::78                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::79                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::80                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::81                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::82                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::83                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::84                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::85                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::86                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::87                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::88                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::89                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::90                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::91                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::92                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::93                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::94                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::95                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::96                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::97                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::98                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::99                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::100                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::101                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::102                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::103                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::104                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::105                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::106                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::107                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::108                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::109                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::110                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::111                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::112                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::113                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::114                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::115                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::116                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::117                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::118                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::119                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::120                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::121                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::122                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::123                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::124                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::125                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::126                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::127                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::128                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::129                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::130                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::131                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::132                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::133                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::134                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::135                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::136                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::137                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::138                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::139                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::140                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::141                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::142                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::143                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::144                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::145                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::146                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::147                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::148                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::149                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::150                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::151                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::152                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::153                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::154                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::155                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::156                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::157                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::158                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::159                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::160                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::161                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::162                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::163                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::164                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::165                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::166                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::167                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::168                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::169                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::170                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::171                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::172                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::173                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::174                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::175                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::176                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::177                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::178                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::179                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::180                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::181                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::182                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::183                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::184                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::185                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::186                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::187                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::188                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::189                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::190                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::191                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::192                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::193                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::194                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::195                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::196                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::197                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::198                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::199                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::200                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::201                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::202                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::203                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::204                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::205                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::206                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::207                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::208                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::209                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::210                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::211                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::212                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::213                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::214                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::215                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::216                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::217                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::218                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::219                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::220                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::221                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::222                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::223                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::224                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::225                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::226                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::227                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::228                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::229                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::230                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::231                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::232                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::233                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::234                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::235                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::236                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::237                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::238                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::239                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::240                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::241                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::242                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::243                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::244                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::245                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::246                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::247                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::248                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::249                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::250                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::251                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::252                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::253                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::254                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::255                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::256                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::257                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::0                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::1                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::2                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::3                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::4                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::5                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::6                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::7                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::8                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::9                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::10                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::11                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::12                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::13                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::14                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::15                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::16                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::17                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::18                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::19                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::20                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::21                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::22                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::23                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::24                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::25                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::26                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::27                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::28                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::29                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::30                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::31                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::32                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::33                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::34                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::35                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::36                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::37                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::38                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::39                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::40                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::41                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::42                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::43                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::44                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::45                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::46                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::47                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::48                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::49                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::50                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::51                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::52                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::53                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::54                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::55                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::56                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::57                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::58                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::59                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::60                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::61                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::62                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::63                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::64                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::65                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::66                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::67                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::68                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::69                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::70                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::71                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::72                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::73                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::74                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::75                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::76                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::77                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::78                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::79                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::80                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::81                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::82                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::83                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::84                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::85                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::86                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::87                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::88                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::89                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::90                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::91                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::92                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::93                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::94                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::95                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::96                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::97                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::98                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::99                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::100                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::101                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::102                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::103                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::104                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::105                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::106                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::107                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::108                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::109                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::110                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::111                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::112                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::113                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::114                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::115                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::116                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::117                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::118                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::119                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::120                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::121                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::122                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::123                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::124                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::125                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::126                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::127                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::128                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::129                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::130                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::131                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::132                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::133                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::134                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::135                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::136                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::137                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::138                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::139                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::140                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::141                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::142                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::143                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::144                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::145                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::146                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::147                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::148                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::149                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::150                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::151                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::152                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::153                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::154                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::155                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::156                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::157                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::158                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::159                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::160                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::161                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::162                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::163                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::164                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::165                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::166                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::167                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::168                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::169                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::170                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::171                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::172                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::173                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::174                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::175                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::176                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::177                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::178                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::179                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::180                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::181                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::182                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::183                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::184                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::185                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::186                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::187                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::188                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::189                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::190                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::191                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::192                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::193                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::194                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::195                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::196                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::197                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::198                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::199                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::200                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::201                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::202                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::203                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::204                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::205                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::206                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::207                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::208                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::209                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::210                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::211                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::212                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::213                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::214                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::215                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::216                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::217                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::218                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::219                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::220                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::221                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::222                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::223                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::224                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::225                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::226                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::227                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::228                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::229                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::230                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::231                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::232                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::233                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::234                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::235                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::236                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::237                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::238                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::239                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::240                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::241                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::242                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::243                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::244                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::245                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::246                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::247                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::248                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::249                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::250                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::251                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::252                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::253                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::254                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::255                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::256                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::257                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::0                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::1                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::2                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::3                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::4                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::5                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::6                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::7                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::8                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::9                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::10                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::11                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::12                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::13                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::14                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::15                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::16                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::17                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::18                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::19                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::20                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::21                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::22                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::23                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::24                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::25                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::26                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::27                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::28                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::29                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::30                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::31                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::32                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::33                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::34                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::35                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::36                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::37                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::38                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::39                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::40                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::41                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::42                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::43                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::44                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::45                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::46                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::47                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::48                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::49                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::50                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::51                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::52                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::53                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::54                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::55                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::56                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::57                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::58                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::59                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::60                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::61                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::62                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::63                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::64                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::65                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::66                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::67                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::68                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::69                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::70                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::71                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::72                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::73                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::74                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::75                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::76                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::77                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::78                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::79                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::80                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::81                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::82                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::83                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::84                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::85                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::86                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::87                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::88                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::89                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::90                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::91                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::92                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::93                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::94                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::95                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::96                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::97                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::98                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::99                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::100                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::101                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::102                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::103                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::104                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::105                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::106                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::107                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::108                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::109                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::110                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::111                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::112                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::113                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::114                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::115                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::116                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::117                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::118                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::119                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::120                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::121                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::122                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::123                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::124                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::125                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::126                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::127                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::128                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::129                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::130                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::131                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::132                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::133                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::134                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::135                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::136                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::137                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::138                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::139                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::140                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::141                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::142                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::143                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::144                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::145                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::146                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::147                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::148                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::149                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::150                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::151                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::152                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::153                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::154                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::155                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::156                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::157                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::158                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::159                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::160                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::161                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::162                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::163                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::164                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::165                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::166                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::167                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::168                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::169                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::170                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::171                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::172                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::173                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::174                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::175                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::176                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::177                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::178                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::179                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::180                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::181                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::182                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::183                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::184                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::185                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::186                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::187                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::188                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::189                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::190                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::191                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::192                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::193                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::194                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::195                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::196                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::197                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::198                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::199                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::200                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::201                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::202                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::203                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::204                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::205                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::206                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::207                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::208                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::209                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::210                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::211                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::212                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::213                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::214                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::215                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::216                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::217                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::218                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::219                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::220                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::221                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::222                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::223                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::224                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::225                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::226                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::227                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::228                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::229                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::230                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::231                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::232                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::233                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::234                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::235                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::236                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::237                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::238                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::239                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::240                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::241                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::242                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::243                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::244                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::245                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::246                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::247                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::248                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::249                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::250                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::251                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::252                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::253                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::254                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::255                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::256                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::257                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::0                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::1                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::2                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::3                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::4                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::5                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::6                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::7                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::8                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::9                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::10                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::11                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::12                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::13                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::14                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::15                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::16                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::17                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::18                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::19                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::20                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::21                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::22                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::23                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::24                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::25                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::26                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::27                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::28                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::29                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::30                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::31                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::32                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::33                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::34                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::35                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::36                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::37                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::38                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::39                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::40                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::41                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::42                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::43                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::44                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::45                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::46                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::47                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::48                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::49                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::50                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::51                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::52                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::53                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::54                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::55                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::56                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::57                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::58                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::59                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::60                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::61                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::62                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::63                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::64                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::65                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::66                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::67                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::68                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::69                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::70                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::71                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::72                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::73                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::74                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::75                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::76                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::77                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::78                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::79                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::80                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::81                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::82                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::83                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::84                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::85                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::86                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::87                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::88                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::89                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::90                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::91                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::92                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::93                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::94                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::95                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::96                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::97                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::98                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::99                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::100                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::101                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::102                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::103                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::104                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::105                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::106                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::107                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::108                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::109                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::110                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::111                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::112                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::113                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::114                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::115                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::116                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::117                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::118                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::119                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::120                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::121                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::122                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::123                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::124                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::125                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::126                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::127                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::128                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::129                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::130                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::131                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::132                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::133                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::134                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::135                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::136                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::137                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::138                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::139                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::140                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::141                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::142                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::143                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::144                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::145                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::146                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::147                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::148                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::149                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::150                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::151                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::152                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::153                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::154                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::155                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::156                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::157                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::158                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::159                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::160                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::161                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::162                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::163                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::164                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::165                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::166                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::167                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::168                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::169                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::170                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::171                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::172                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::173                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::174                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::175                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::176                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::177                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::178                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::179                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::180                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::181                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::182                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::183                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::184                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::185                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::186                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::187                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::188                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::189                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::190                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::191                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::192                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::193                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::194                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::195                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::196                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::197                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::198                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::199                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::200                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::201                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::202                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::203                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::204                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::205                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::206                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::207                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::208                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::209                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::210                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::211                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::212                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::213                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::214                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::215                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::216                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::217                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::218                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::219                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::220                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::221                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::222                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::223                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::224                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::225                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::226                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::227                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::228                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::229                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::230                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::231                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::232                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::233                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::234                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::235                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::236                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::237                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::238                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::239                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::240                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::241                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::242                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::243                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::244                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::245                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::246                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::247                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::248                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::249                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::250                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::251                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::252                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::253                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::254                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::255                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::256                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::257                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::0                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::1                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::2                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::3                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::4                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::5                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::6                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::7                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::8                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::9                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::10                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::11                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::12                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::13                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::14                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::15                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::16                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::17                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::18                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::19                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::20                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::21                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::22                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::23                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::24                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::25                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::26                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::27                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::28                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::29                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::30                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::31                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::32                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::33                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::34                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::35                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::36                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::37                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::38                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::39                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::40                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::41                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::42                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::43                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::44                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::45                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::46                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::47                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::48                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::49                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::50                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::51                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::52                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::53                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::54                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::55                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::56                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::57                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::58                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::59                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::60                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::61                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::62                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::63                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::64                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::65                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::66                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::67                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::68                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::69                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::70                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::71                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::72                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::73                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::74                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::75                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::76                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::77                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::78                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::79                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::80                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::81                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::82                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::83                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::84                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::85                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::86                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::87                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::88                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::89                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::90                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::91                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::92                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::93                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::94                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::95                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::96                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::97                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::98                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::99                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::100                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::101                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::102                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::103                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::104                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::105                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::106                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::107                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::108                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::109                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::110                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::111                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::112                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::113                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::114                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::115                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::116                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::117                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::118                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::119                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::120                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::121                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::122                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::123                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::124                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::125                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::126                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::127                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::128                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::129                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::130                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::131                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::132                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::133                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::134                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::135                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::136                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::137                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::138                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::139                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::140                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::141                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::142                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::143                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::144                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::145                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::146                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::147                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::148                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::149                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::150                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::151                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::152                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::153                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::154                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::155                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::156                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::157                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::158                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::159                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::160                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::161                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::162                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::163                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::164                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::165                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::166                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::167                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::168                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::169                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::170                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::171                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::172                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::173                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::174                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::175                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::176                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::177                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::178                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::179                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::180                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::181                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::182                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::183                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::184                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::185                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::186                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::187                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::188                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::189                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::190                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::191                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::192                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::193                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::194                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::195                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::196                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::197                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::198                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::199                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::200                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::201                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::202                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::203                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::204                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::205                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::206                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::207                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::208                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::209                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::210                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::211                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::212                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::213                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::214                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::215                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::216                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::217                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::218                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::219                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::220                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::221                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::222                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::223                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::224                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::225                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::226                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::227                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::228                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::229                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::230                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::231                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::232                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::233                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::234                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::235                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::236                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::237                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::238                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::239                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::240                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::241                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::242                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::243                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::244                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::245                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::246                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::247                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::248                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::249                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::250                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::251                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::252                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::253                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::254                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::255                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::256                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::257                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::total                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::0                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::1                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::2                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::3                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::4                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::5                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::6                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::7                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::8                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::9                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::10                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::11                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::12                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::13                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::14                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::15                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::16                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::17                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::18                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::19                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::20                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::21                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::22                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::23                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::24                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::25                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::26                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::27                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::28                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::29                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::30                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::31                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::32                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::33                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::34                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::35                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::36                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::37                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::38                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::39                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::40                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::41                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::42                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::43                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::44                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::45                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::46                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::47                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::48                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::49                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::50                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::51                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::52                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::53                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::54                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::55                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::56                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::57                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::58                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::59                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::60                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::61                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::62                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::63                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::64                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::65                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::66                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::67                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::68                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::69                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::70                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::71                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::72                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::73                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::74                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::75                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::76                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::77                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::78                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::79                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::80                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::81                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::82                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::83                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::84                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::85                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::86                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::87                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::88                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::89                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::90                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::91                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::92                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::93                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::94                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::95                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::96                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::97                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::98                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::99                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::100                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::101                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::102                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::103                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::104                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::105                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::106                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::107                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::108                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::109                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::110                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::111                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::112                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::113                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::114                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::115                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::116                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::117                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::118                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::119                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::120                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::121                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::122                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::123                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::124                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::125                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::126                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::127                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::128                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::129                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::130                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::131                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::132                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::133                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::134                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::135                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::136                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::137                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::138                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::139                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::140                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::141                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::142                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::143                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::144                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::145                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::146                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::147                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::148                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::149                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::150                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::151                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::152                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::153                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::154                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::155                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::156                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::157                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::158                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::159                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::160                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::161                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::162                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::163                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::164                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::165                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::166                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::167                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::168                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::169                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::170                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::171                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::172                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::173                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::174                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::175                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::176                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::177                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::178                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::179                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::180                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::181                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::182                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::183                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::184                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::185                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::186                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::187                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::188                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::189                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::190                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::191                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::192                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::193                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::194                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::195                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::196                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::197                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::198                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::199                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::200                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::201                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::202                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::203                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::204                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::205                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::206                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::207                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::208                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::209                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::210                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::211                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::212                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::213                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::214                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::215                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::216                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::217                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::218                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::219                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::220                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::221                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::222                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::223                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::224                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::225                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::226                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::227                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::228                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::229                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::230                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::231                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::232                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::233                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::234                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::235                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::236                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::237                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::238                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::239                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::240                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::241                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::242                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::243                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::244                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::245                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::246                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::247                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::248                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::249                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::250                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::251                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::252                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::253                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::254                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::255                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::256                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::257                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::total                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::0                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::1                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::2                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::3                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::4                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::5                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::6                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::7                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::8                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::9                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::10                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::11                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::12                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::13                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::14                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::15                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::16                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::17                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::18                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::19                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::20                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::21                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::22                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::23                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::24                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::25                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::26                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::27                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::28                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::29                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::30                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::31                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::32                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::33                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::34                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::35                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::36                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::37                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::38                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::39                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::40                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::41                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::42                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::43                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::44                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::45                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::46                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::47                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::48                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::49                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::50                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::51                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::52                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::53                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::54                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::55                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::56                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::57                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::58                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::59                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::60                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::61                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::62                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::63                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::64                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::65                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::66                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::67                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::68                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::69                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::70                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::71                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::72                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::73                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::74                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::75                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::76                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::77                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::78                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::79                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::80                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::81                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::82                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::83                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::84                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::85                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::86                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::87                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::88                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::89                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::90                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::91                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::92                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::93                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::94                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::95                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::96                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::97                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::98                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::99                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::100                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::101                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::102                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::103                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::104                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::105                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::106                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::107                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::108                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::109                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::110                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::111                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::112                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::113                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::114                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::115                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::116                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::117                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::118                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::119                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::120                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::121                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::122                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::123                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::124                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::125                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::126                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::127                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::128                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::129                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::130                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::131                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::132                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::133                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::134                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::135                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::136                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::137                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::138                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::139                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::140                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::141                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::142                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::143                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::144                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::145                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::146                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::147                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::148                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::149                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::150                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::151                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::152                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::153                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::154                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::155                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::156                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::157                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::158                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::159                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::160                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::161                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::162                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::163                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::164                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::165                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::166                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::167                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::168                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::169                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::170                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::171                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::172                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::173                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::174                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::175                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::176                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::177                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::178                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::179                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::180                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::181                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::182                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::183                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::184                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::185                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::186                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::187                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::188                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::189                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::190                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::191                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::192                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::193                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::194                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::195                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::196                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::197                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::198                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::199                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::200                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::201                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::202                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::203                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::204                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::205                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::206                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::207                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::208                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::209                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::210                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::211                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::212                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::213                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::214                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::215                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::216                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::217                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::218                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::219                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::220                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::221                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::222                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::223                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::224                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::225                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::226                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::227                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::228                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::229                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::230                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::231                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::232                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::233                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::234                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::235                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::236                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::237                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::238                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::239                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::240                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::241                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::242                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::243                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::244                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::245                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::246                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::247                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::248                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::249                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::250                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::251                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::252                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::253                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::254                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::255                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::256                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::257                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::total                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::0                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::1                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::2                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::3                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::4                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::5                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::6                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::7                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::8                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::9                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::10                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::11                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::12                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::13                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::14                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::15                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::16                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::17                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::18                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::19                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::20                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::21                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::22                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::23                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::24                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::25                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::26                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::27                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::28                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::29                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::30                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::31                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::32                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::33                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::34                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::35                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::36                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::37                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::38                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::39                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::40                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::41                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::42                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::43                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::44                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::45                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::46                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::47                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::48                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::49                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::50                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::51                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::52                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::53                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::54                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::55                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::56                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::57                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::58                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::59                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::60                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::61                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::62                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::63                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::64                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::65                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::66                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::67                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::68                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::69                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::70                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::71                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::72                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::73                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::74                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::75                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::76                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::77                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::78                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::79                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::80                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::81                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::82                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::83                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::84                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::85                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::86                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::87                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::88                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::89                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::90                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::91                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::92                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::93                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::94                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::95                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::96                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::97                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::98                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::99                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::100                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::101                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::102                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::103                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::104                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::105                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::106                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::107                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::108                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::109                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::110                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::111                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::112                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::113                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::114                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::115                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::116                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::117                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::118                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::119                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::120                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::121                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::122                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::123                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::124                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::125                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::126                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::127                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::128                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::129                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::130                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::131                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::132                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::133                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::134                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::135                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::136                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::137                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::138                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::139                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::140                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::141                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::142                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::143                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::144                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::145                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::146                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::147                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::148                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::149                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::150                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::151                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::152                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::153                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::154                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::155                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::156                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::157                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::158                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::159                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::160                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::161                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::162                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::163                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::164                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::165                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::166                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::167                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::168                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::169                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::170                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::171                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::172                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::173                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::174                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::175                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::176                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::177                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::178                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::179                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::180                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::181                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::182                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::183                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::184                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::185                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::186                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::187                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::188                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::189                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::190                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::191                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::192                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::193                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::194                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::195                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::196                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::197                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::198                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::199                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::200                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::201                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::202                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::203                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::204                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::205                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::206                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::207                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::208                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::209                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::210                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::211                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::212                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::213                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::214                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::215                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::216                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::217                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::218                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::219                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::220                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::221                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::222                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::223                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::224                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::225                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::226                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::227                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::228                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::229                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::230                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::231                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::232                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::233                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::234                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::235                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::236                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::237                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::238                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::239                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::240                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::241                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::242                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::243                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::244                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::245                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::246                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::247                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::248                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::249                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::250                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::251                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::252                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::253                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::254                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::255                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::256                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::257                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::total                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::0                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::1                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::2                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::3                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::4                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::5                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::6                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::7                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::8                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::0                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::1                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::2                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::3                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::4                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::5                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::6                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::7                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::8                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::total                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::0            2110295796                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::1             687720816                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::2             722241638                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::3            1533233206                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::total        5053491456                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::0        1357803773                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::1         587028742                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::2         558221521                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::3        2550437420                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::total    5053491456                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.tagsinuse              4092.059205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_refs                22595902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.sampled_refs              19598491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_refs                  1.152941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.warmup_cycle          143479582031097                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    44.376796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.000700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.002034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.133300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3818.840322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.015778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data   228.690275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.010834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.932334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.055833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.tag_accesses             358504049                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2.tags.data_accesses            358504049                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 146115316974114                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      9054443                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      9054443                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          343                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          343                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2375                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          487                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             2862                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total             35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          250                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               960                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1144293                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       432268                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       1576561                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1144543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       432978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::total              1577521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1144543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       432978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::total             1577521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       137791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          137853                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          855                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16454095                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001473                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     19455573                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16591886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::total           19594281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16591886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::total          19594281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4435578981                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      5716611                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4441295592                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       266733                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71899029                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     21012300                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     93178062                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       454212                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1531653174972                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 297844468389                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1829498097573                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       266733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       454212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71899029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1536088753953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     21012300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 297850185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::total 1834032571227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       266733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       454212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71899029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1536088753953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     21012300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 297850185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::total 1834032571227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      9054443                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      9054443                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          343                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          343                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2380                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          487                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2867                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138041                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          772                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        138813                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          855                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17598388                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      3433741                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     21032134                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17736429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      3434513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::total         21171802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17736429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      3434513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::total        21171802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002101                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.001744                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998189                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.080311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.993084                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.934977                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.874112                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.925040                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.873933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::total        0.925490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.873933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::total       0.925490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32190.629148                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 92203.403226                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32217.620161                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        88911                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 111818.085537                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 100537.320574                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108980.189474                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 90842.400000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93086.442917                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 99232.766175                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94034.655138                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        88911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 90842.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 111818.085537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92580.720115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 100537.320574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 99232.620976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93600.401629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        88911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 90842.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 111818.085537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92580.720115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 100537.320574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 99232.620976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93600.401629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::writebacks          9035368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::total               9035368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         9373                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         9373                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       137791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       137853                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          855                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16454095                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001473                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     19455573                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16591886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total      19594281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16591886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total     19594281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        71595                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        71595                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3517890921                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      5303691                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3523194612                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       246753                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67616649                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     19620360                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87483762                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       420912                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1422068902272                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 277854658209                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1699923981393                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       246753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       420912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67616649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1425586793193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     19620360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 277859961900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1703534659767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       246753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       420912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67616649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1425586793193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     19620360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 277859961900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1703534659767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002101                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001744                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.080311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.934977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.874112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.873933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.873933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        14319                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14319                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25530.629148                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 85543.403226                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25557.620161                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        82251                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 105158.085537                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 93877.320574                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102320.189474                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84182.400000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86426.442917                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 92572.766175                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87374.655138                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        82251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84182.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 105158.085537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85920.720115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 93877.320574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 92572.620976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86940.401629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        82251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84182.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 105158.085537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85920.720115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 93877.320574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 92572.620976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86940.401629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     42345481                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     21173679                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        21837                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        21837                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 146115316974114                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp      21032989                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     18089813                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          343                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict     23424406                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2867                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           35                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2902                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       138813                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       138813                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          855                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     21032134                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side         2053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side     63518132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          63520185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side        76672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side   1934424960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size::total         1934501632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoops                    20343785                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             578263680                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples     41518489                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.022928                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0           41496652     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1              21837      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total       41518489                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    20131532649                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        854477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy   21150742419                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 146115316974114                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                  17640672                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::0                   249.390638                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::1                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::2                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::3                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::4                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::5                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::6                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::7                    64.138103                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::8                   132.561724                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::9                   107.682507                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::10                  139.557081                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::11                  127.930988                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::12                  127.976296                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::13                  102.020650                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::14                  101.782373                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::15                   87.301923                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::16                  111.527311                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::17                  221.210681                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::18                  204.049704                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::19                  205.733774                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::20                  184.602027                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::21                  187.443973                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::22                  158.036032                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::23                  134.750924                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::24                  122.504239                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::25                  141.451570                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::26                  130.166512                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::27                  119.752496                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::28                  103.124695                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::29                   99.418475                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::30                   86.650627                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::31                   87.329205                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::32                  225.472583                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::33                   79.123175                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::34                  207.571314                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::35                   73.721514                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::36                  185.880369                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::37                  157.174668                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::38                  161.202466                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::39                  116.849762                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::40                  133.141736                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::41                  115.128032                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::42                  118.901327                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::43                  103.172265                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::44                   98.510475                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::45                   86.747878                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::46                   86.781859                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::47                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::48                  204.176446                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::49                  206.230812                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::50                  188.530997                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::51                  186.300376                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::52                  167.630823                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::53                  156.556321                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::54                  136.674741                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::55                  137.537577                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::56                  111.539557                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::57                  120.711084                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::58                   98.756992                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::59                   98.220260                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::60                   87.239722                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::61                   85.558504                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::62                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::63                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::64                  194.613302                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::65                  162.268275                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::66                  187.029612                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::67                  167.208444                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::68                  161.031213                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::69                  127.201575                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::70                  143.143205                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::71                  120.355611                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::72                  115.733686                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::73                   95.916185                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::74                   98.570459                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::75                   85.565920                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::76                   86.092186                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::77                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::78                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::79                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::80                  173.415546                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::81                  181.293371                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::82                  161.666045                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::83                  158.123046                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::84                  148.063284                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::85                  141.056907                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::86                  119.353784                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::87                  111.548485                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::88                   94.273341                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::89                   98.202765                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::90                   86.625376                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::91                   83.732874                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::92                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::93                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::94                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::95                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::96                  167.957632                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::97                   67.425230                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::98                  162.208508                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::99                  130.518016                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::100                 140.529192                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::101                 113.094435                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::102                 114.910251                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::103                  94.605520                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::104                 101.823137                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::105                  85.434072                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::106                  91.508112                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::107                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::108                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::109                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::110                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::111                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::112                 148.627122                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::113                 133.529995                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::114                 119.455664                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::115                 129.587201                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::116                 119.235138                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::117                 117.538114                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::118                  99.411009                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::119                  94.372129                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::120                  86.856042                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::121                  85.689923                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::122                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::123                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::124                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::125                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::126                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::127                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::128                 140.731787                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::129                  89.987573                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::130                 124.219629                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::131                  97.919770                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::132                 110.563936                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::133                  93.846806                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::134                  94.195641                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::135                  85.593381                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::136                  86.413356                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::137                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::138                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::139                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::140                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::141                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::142                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::143                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::144                 128.753087                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::145                 110.719145                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::146                 114.576979                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::147                 107.766941                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::148                  95.477642                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::149                  96.420796                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::150                  83.104453                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::151                  84.386567                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::152                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::153                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::154                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::155                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::156                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::157                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::158                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::159                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::160                 124.524595                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::161                  99.293788                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::162                 115.350619                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::163                  95.722582                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::164                  96.111410                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::165                  83.771213                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::166                  83.055263                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::167                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::168                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::169                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::170                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::171                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::172                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::173                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::174                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::175                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::176                 112.168396                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::177                 102.816404                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::178                 101.164915                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::179                  93.024831                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::180                  82.374435                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::181                  83.799552                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::182                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::183                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::184                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::185                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::186                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::187                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::188                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::189                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::190                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::191                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::192                 112.729530                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::193                 101.387117                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::194                  94.772502                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::195                  86.746610                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::196                  80.629638                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::197                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::198                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::199                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::200                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::201                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::202                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::203                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::204                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::205                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::206                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::207                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::208                  93.934886                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::209                  93.951183                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::210                  85.484973                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::211                  80.812602                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::212                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::213                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::214                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::215                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::216                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::217                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::218                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::219                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::220                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::221                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::222                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::223                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::224                  95.264417                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::225                  80.796965                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::226                  80.422010                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::227                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::228                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::229                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::230                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::231                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::232                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::233                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::234                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::235                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::236                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::237                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::238                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::239                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::240                  82.048781                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::241                  79.513285                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::242                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::243                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::244                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::245                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::246                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::247                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::248                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::249                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::250                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::251                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::252                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::253                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::254                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::255                  89.666665                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::256                  82.676381                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::257                 123.764336                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::0                     0.885700                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::1                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::2                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::3                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::4                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::5                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::6                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::7                    10.543563                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::8                    59.087768                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::9                    47.022680                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::10                   47.764356                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::11                   61.307489                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::12                   57.864269                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::13                   73.997205                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::14                   70.680542                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::15                   76.906360                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::16                   65.730058                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::17                    9.900047                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::18                   19.566844                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::19                   20.816434                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::20                   30.505490                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::21                   29.216431                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::22                   44.761145                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::23                   50.464240                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::24                   61.561601                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::25                   49.259569                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::26                   59.275764                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::27                   63.130311                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::28                   71.285206                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::29                   72.949144                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::30                   79.276802                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::31                   76.753751                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::32                   14.027844                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::33                    9.419105                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::34                   20.102935                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::35                   13.051163                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::36                   30.328930                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::37                   43.836259                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::38                   42.459734                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::39                   60.807289                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::40                   56.421952                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::41                   66.675123                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::42                   63.928818                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::43                   70.497082                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::44                   72.602515                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::45                   79.158091                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::46                   77.204201                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::47                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::48                   24.764136                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::49                   18.198203                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::50                   30.964798                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::51                   29.249308                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::52                   39.645644                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::53                   40.538843                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::54                   52.620240                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::55                   50.548059                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::56                   68.252987                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::57                   62.772692                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::58                   73.560077                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::59                   73.075447                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::60                   77.504609                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::61                   77.928898                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::62                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::63                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::64                   31.152577                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::65                   32.475701                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::66                   29.379608                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::67                   40.484347                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::68                   41.719513                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::69                   45.162618                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::70                   49.925575                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::71                   62.627518                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::72                   64.462051                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::73                   77.770726                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::74                   72.355690                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::75                   79.102949                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::76                   76.919275                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::77                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::78                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::79                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::80                   41.483993                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::81                   34.744238                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::82                   42.020420                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::83                   43.502498                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::84                   47.096360                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::85                   51.719484                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::86                   65.203525                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::87                   67.364295                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::88                   77.841913                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::89                   73.158380                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::90                   78.389384                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::91                   78.507144                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::92                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::93                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::94                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::95                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::96                   44.692093                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::97                   22.785581                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::98                   42.287172                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::99                   58.278712                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::100                  54.806576                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::101                  71.181230                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::102                  65.595654                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::103                  76.590891                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::104                  71.327141                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::105                  79.082929                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::106                  73.256321                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::107                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::108                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::109                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::110                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::111                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::112                  54.631796                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::113                  58.835596                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::114                  70.788869                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::115                  60.377510                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::116                  66.970696                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::117                  63.121400                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::118                  74.729335                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::119                  74.475402                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::120                  77.995093                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::121                  76.252504                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::122                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::123                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::124                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::125                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::126                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::127                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::128                  57.401665                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::129                  62.745882                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::130                  64.364122                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::131                  80.588597                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::132                  70.265306                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::133                  80.105530                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::134                  73.562639                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::135                  80.067484                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::136                  76.515338                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::137                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::138                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::139                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::140                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::141                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::142                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::143                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::144                  64.140461                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::145                  74.687625                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::146                  69.202444                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::147                  71.170575                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::148                  78.284723                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::149                  75.246580                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::150                  79.603659                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::151                  76.917153                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::152                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::153                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::154                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::155                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::156                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::157                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::158                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::159                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::160                  64.710366                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::161                  80.700476                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::162                  66.651088                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::163                  78.846402                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::164                  74.666726                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::165                  79.857995                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::166                  77.229243                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::167                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::168                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::169                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::170                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::171                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::172                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::173                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::174                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::175                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::176                  71.164007                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::177                  75.086005                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::178                  72.592757                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::179                  77.099662                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::180                  81.249148                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::181                  76.308340                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::182                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::183                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::184                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::185                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::186                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::187                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::188                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::189                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::190                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::191                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::192                  66.054696                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::193                  73.696020                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::194                  75.339151                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::195                  78.101169                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::196                  77.324859                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::197                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::198                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::199                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::200                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::201                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::202                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::203                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::204                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::205                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::206                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::207                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::208                  76.864893                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::209                  73.382367                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::210                  79.118287                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::211                  77.514992                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::212                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::213                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::214                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::215                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::216                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::217                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::218                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::219                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::220                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::221                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::222                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::223                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::224                  70.812986                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::225                  75.590537                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::226                  78.506274                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::227                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::228                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::229                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::230                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::231                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::232                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::233                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::234                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::235                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::236                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::237                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::238                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::239                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::240                  79.621918                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::241                  76.242347                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::242                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::243                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::244                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::245                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::246                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::247                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::248                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::249                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::250                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::251                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::252                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::253                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::254                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::255                  76.356953                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::256                  72.967495                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::257                  59.872914                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::0                     0.061431                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::1                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::2                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::3                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::4                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::5                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::6                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::7                     9.064473                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::8                    28.795293                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::9                    25.139530                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::10                   28.962854                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::11                   34.635642                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::12                   33.889700                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::13                   40.438413                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::14                   42.318326                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::15                   47.262438                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::16                   41.402652                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::17                    5.556492                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::18                   10.107366                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::19                   11.373264                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::20                   15.393047                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::21                   16.730235                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::22                   20.765495                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::23                   28.502362                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::24                   32.711802                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::25                   29.409898                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::26                   39.197258                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::27                   37.081471                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::28                   45.345385                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::29                   43.103936                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::30                   47.926313                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::31                   47.399491                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::32                    9.906772                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::33                    5.216422                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::34                   11.466492                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::35                    5.510638                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::36                   18.195641                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::37                   23.638994                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::38                   28.931479                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::39                   29.429214                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::40                   34.863000                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::41                   36.527504                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::42                   38.812116                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::43                   42.116792                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::44                   45.027809                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::45                   47.216606                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::46                   49.200626                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::47                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::48                   17.175928                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::49                   11.901441                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::50                   19.528611                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::51                   18.266851                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::52                   24.992361                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::53                   25.212990                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::54                   27.833546                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::55                   32.950876                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::56                   40.433787                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::57                   37.371541                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::58                   47.802992                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::59                   45.386630                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::60                   51.449089                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::61                   48.290715                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::62                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::63                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::64                   19.890474                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::65                   21.599135                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::66                   19.442313                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::67                   23.985713                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::68                   26.190690                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::69                   25.957529                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::70                   33.150201                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::71                   38.749644                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::72                   38.618051                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::73                   44.212765                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::74                   47.567245                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::75                   52.064090                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::76                   51.952272                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::77                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::78                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::79                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::80                   24.234919                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::81                   23.282175                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::82                   25.015027                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::83                   27.343870                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::84                   34.876366                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::85                   34.389982                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::86                   37.051757                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::87                   40.281231                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::88                   44.009624                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::89                   44.148355                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::90                   51.604647                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::91                   51.233108                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::92                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::93                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::94                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::95                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::96                   28.001898                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::97                   14.679646                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::98                   24.268581                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::99                   45.215966                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::100                  33.307616                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::101                  38.258164                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::102                  40.584450                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::103                  44.955299                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::104                  43.813945                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::105                  51.635154                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::106                  50.360349                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::107                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::108                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::109                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::110                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::111                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::112                  34.503005                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::113                  35.444306                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::114                  33.208690                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::115                  32.856484                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::116                  36.555784                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::117                  43.714930                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::118                  42.693987                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::119                  48.178375                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::120                  48.220554                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::121                  50.561118                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::122                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::123                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::124                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::125                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::126                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::127                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::128                  39.961129                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::129                  43.435793                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::130                  35.709074                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::131                  46.371183                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::132                  43.446740                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::133                  42.281812                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::134                  49.801153                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::135                  50.446894                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::136                  49.095480                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::137                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::138                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::139                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::140                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::141                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::142                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::143                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::144                  42.384487                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::145                  48.243324                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::146                  39.846185                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::147                  39.168726                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::148                  47.684500                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::149                  46.682848                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::150                  51.540378                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::151                  48.765240                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::152                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::153                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::154                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::155                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::156                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::157                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::158                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::159                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::160                  44.802400                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::161                  59.137159                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::162                  46.723529                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::163                  46.403172                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::164                  48.710948                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::165                  50.471591                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::166                  50.177617                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::167                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::168                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::169                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::170                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::171                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::172                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::173                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::174                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::175                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::176                  49.847826                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::177                  57.690763                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::178                  49.575561                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::179                  50.669131                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::180                  51.297226                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::181                  48.592587                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::182                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::183                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::184                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::185                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::186                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::187                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::188                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::189                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::190                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::191                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::192                  59.129218                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::193                  60.022192                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::194                  52.080222                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::195                  51.649918                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::196                  49.130479                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::197                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::198                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::199                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::200                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::201                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::202                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::203                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::204                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::205                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::206                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::207                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::208                  66.764769                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::209                  54.737110                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::210                  50.779514                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::211                  46.328550                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::212                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::213                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::214                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::215                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::216                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::217                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::218                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::219                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::220                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::221                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::222                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::223                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::224                  68.136786                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::225                  49.643737                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::226                  48.858242                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::227                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::228                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::229                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::230                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::231                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::232                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::233                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::234                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::235                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::236                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::237                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::238                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::239                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::240                  70.305020                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::241                  48.616965                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::242                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::243                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::244                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::245                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::246                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::247                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::248                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::249                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::250                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::251                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::252                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::253                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::254                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::255                  46.069538                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::256                  68.942772                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::257                  42.597336                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::0                     0.061760                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::1                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::2                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::3                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::4                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::5                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::6                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::7                     9.074064                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::8                    31.738889                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::9                    30.636673                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::10                   27.779332                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::11                   29.746034                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::12                   35.122767                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::13                   38.189792                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::14                   40.203523                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::15                   43.539970                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::16                   36.376805                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::17                    5.658844                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::18                    9.547927                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::19                   11.197249                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::20                   11.479199                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::21                   16.232283                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::22                   18.476546                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::23                   27.848078                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::24                   27.443668                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::25                   26.547064                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::26                   25.882361                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::27                   34.806592                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::28                   34.987066                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::29                   39.399859                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::30                   41.147402                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::31                   43.556631                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::32                    3.329591                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::33                    2.582103                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::34                   11.859406                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::35                    5.937424                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::36                   16.585869                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::37                   17.538046                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::38                   21.081699                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::39                   29.280648                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::40                   27.416474                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::41                   35.406551                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::42                   32.696068                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::43                   39.029253                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::44                   38.824312                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::45                   41.911005                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::46                   41.834071                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::47                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::48                    6.151168                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::49                   10.594244                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::50                   12.651775                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::51                   14.720638                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::52                   17.274897                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::53                   21.075136                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::54                   26.836433                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::55                   28.672582                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::56                   32.775411                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::57                   33.311087                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::58                   34.730562                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::59                   38.328647                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::60                   38.845035                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::61                   43.194248                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::62                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::63                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::64                    8.327565                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::65                    9.074002                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::66                   15.480363                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::67                   19.742985                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::68                   22.143047                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::69                   22.218211                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::70                   26.039761                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::71                   30.585164                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::72                   35.435618                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::73                   36.787440                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::74                   36.420327                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::75                   38.238196                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::76                   40.005199                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::77                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::78                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::79                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::80                   12.031714                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::81                    9.554714                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::82                   17.882972                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::83                   20.147310                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::84                   19.972463                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::85                   25.100252                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::86                   31.839584                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::87                   35.229244                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::88                   38.488071                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::89                   39.325970                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::90                   38.235022                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::91                   41.443502                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::92                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::93                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::94                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::95                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::96                   13.446879                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::97                    5.700407                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::98                   22.657764                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::99                   17.916963                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::100                  25.286526                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::101                  31.911741                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::102                  33.510064                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::103                  38.617582                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::104                  37.835739                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::105                  38.663929                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::106                  39.718923                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::107                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::108                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::109                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::110                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::111                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::112                  15.146108                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::113                  21.317657                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::114                  30.709975                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::115                  27.409247                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::116                  31.956450                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::117                  29.690926                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::118                  37.740380                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::119                  37.677660                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::120                  41.703021                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::121                  42.248404                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::122                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::123                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::124                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::125                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::126                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::127                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::128                  16.679937                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::129                  14.539440                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::130                  29.722004                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::131                  27.715839                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::132                  30.316406                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::133                  38.461401                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::134                  37.115049                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::135                  38.284651                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::136                  42.581994                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::137                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::138                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::139                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::140                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::141                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::142                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::143                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::144                  19.308642                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::145                  20.764008                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::146                  30.531091                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::147                  35.992648                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::148                  31.803281                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::149                  36.508592                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::150                  38.830673                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::151                  41.857701                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::152                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::153                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::154                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::155                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::156                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::157                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::158                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::159                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::160                  20.569216                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::161                  13.690749                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::162                  25.881146                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::163                  33.634772                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::164                  35.117896                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::165                  37.997523                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::166                  42.017823                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::167                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::168                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::169                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::170                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::171                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::172                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::173                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::174                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::175                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::176                  21.594738                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::177                  18.801000                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::178                  30.596378                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::179                  33.981071                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::180                  37.644897                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::181                  42.383927                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::182                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::183                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::184                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::185                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::186                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::187                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::188                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::189                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::190                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::191                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::192                  16.945067                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::193                  18.315489                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::194                  32.499302                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::195                  38.108827                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::196                  44.461456                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::197                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::198                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::199                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::200                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::201                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::202                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::203                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::204                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::205                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::206                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::207                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::208                  17.126195                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::209                  29.517299                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::210                  39.308457                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::211                  44.321172                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::212                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::213                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::214                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::215                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::216                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::217                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::218                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::219                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::220                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::221                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::222                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::223                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::224                  20.560535                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::225                  38.430631                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::226                  44.143103                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::227                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::228                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::229                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::230                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::231                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::232                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::233                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::234                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::235                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::236                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::237                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::238                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::239                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::240                  22.376766                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::241                  43.881857                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::242                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::243                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::244                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::245                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::246                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::247                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::248                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::249                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::250                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::251                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::252                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::253                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::254                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::255                  43.906836                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::256                  26.409211                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::257                  29.765406                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::0                  807167519                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::1                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::2                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::3                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::4                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::5                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::6                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::7                        350                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::8                     180874                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::9                        733                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::10                     48488                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::11                      2203                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::12                    195412                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::13                     16863                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::14                   2223094                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::15                   3996116                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::16                 469660554                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::17                      3515                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::18                      3416                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::19                     13389                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::20                      5216                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::21                     22341                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::22                      5822                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::23                     40238                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::24                     18373                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::25                     17934                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::26                      7532                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::27                    147784                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::28                    162749                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::29                   1402681                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::30                   8582102                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::31                 244427848                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::32                  19117205                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::33                       427                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::34                    102938                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::35                       963                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::36                     82985                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::37                      1807                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::38                    132508                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::39                      5645                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::40                    120215                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::41                      7015                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::42                    186670                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::43                    149722                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::44                   4221122                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::45                   6217039                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::46                 128641721                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::47                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::48                   1864316                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::49                      6180                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::50                      7887                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::51                     19484                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::52                      9049                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::53                     29061                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::54                      8737                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::55                     30741                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::56                     46566                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::57                     84603                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::58                    168522                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::59                   2450163                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::60                   5763194                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::61                  44207326                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::62                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::63                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::64                  16635834                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::65                      1251                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::66                     97770                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::67                      1523                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::68                     80638                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::69                      1637                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::70                     73936                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::71                     11043                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::72                    165677                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::73                    105998                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::74                   1802301                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::75                   2741873                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::76                  31091935                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::77                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::78                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::79                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::80                   1781600                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::81                      3840                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::82                     12466                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::83                     16768                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::84                     10207                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::85                     16476                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::86                     21247                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::87                     50178                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::88                    195419                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::89                    583150                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::90                   1513868                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::91                   8589161                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::92                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::93                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::94                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::95                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::96                  14346165                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::97                      1314                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::98                     88842                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::99                      1874                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::100                    71842                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::101                    10326                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::102                   140158                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::103                    75346                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::104                   351682                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::105                   370908                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::106                  4876543                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::107                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::108                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::109                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::110                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::111                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::112                  2202136                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::113                     7166                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::114                    17882                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::115                    16878                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::116                    48917                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::117                    47461                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::118                    85799                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::119                    80405                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::120                   371497                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::121                   923745                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::122                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::123                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::124                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::125                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::126                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::127                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::128                 16743326                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::129                    34147                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::130                   113894                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::131                    42555                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::132                   217952                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::133                    38427                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::134                   146351                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::135                   103629                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::136                  2172934                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::137                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::138                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::139                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::140                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::141                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::142                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::143                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::144                  2475636                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::145                     6637                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::146                    59699                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::147                    38408                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::148                    38391                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::149                    29113                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::150                   154748                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::151                   377024                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::152                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::153                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::154                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::155                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::156                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::157                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::158                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::159                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::160                 11079233                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::161                     5581                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::162                   122949                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::163                     8468                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::164                   132547                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::165                    39416                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::166                  1000462                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::167                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::168                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::169                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::170                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::171                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::172                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::173                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::174                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::175                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::176                  8722302                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::177                     7610                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::178                    41161                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::179                    26961                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::180                   162499                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::181                   185914                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::182                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::183                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::184                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::185                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::186                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::187                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::188                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::189                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::190                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::191                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::192                 14099294                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::193                     3451                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::194                   152315                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::195                    30969                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::196                   991027                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::197                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::198                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::199                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::200                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::201                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::202                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::203                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::204                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::205                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::206                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::207                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::208                  8017239                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::209                     8096                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::210                   190725                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::211                   131117                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::212                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::213                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::214                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::215                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::216                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::217                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::218                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::219                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::220                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::221                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::222                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::223                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::224                 30968671                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::225                    11020                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::226                  1022906                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::227                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::228                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::229                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::230                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::231                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::232                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::233                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::234                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::235                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::236                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::237                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::238                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::239                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::240                 34876074                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::241                    44783                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::242                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::243                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::244                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::245                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::246                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::247                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::248                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::249                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::250                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::251                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::252                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::253                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::254                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::255                 24646593                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::256                150942089                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::257                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::total             2152243982                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::0                       7125                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::1                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::2                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::3                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::4                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::5                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::6                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::7                         61                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::8                     103984                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::9                        400                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::10                     16249                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::11                      1034                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::12                     89862                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::13                     10878                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::14                   1412876                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::15                   3467367                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::16                 401249631                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::17                       147                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::18                       347                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::19                      1282                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::20                       851                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::21                      3570                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::22                      1528                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::23                     18917                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::24                     11929                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::25                      6171                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::26                      3665                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::27                     67688                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::28                    105797                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::29                    923242                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::30                   7585952                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::31                 212009462                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::32                    824238                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::33                        45                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::34                      9863                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::35                       172                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::36                     13174                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::37                       501                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::38                     32749                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::39                      3632                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::40                     47488                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::41                      4058                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::42                     89876                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::43                     98705                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::44                   2736210                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::45                   5508280                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::46                 113287825                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::47                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::48                    190481                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::49                       577                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::50                      1290                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::51                      3109                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::52                      2206                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::53                      7279                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::54                      3233                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::55                     11706                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::56                     30982                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::57                     42126                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::58                    113095                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::59                   1623484                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::60                   5120131                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::61                  39190526                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::62                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::63                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::64                   1569425                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::65                       290                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::66                     15645                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::67                       377                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::68                     19702                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::69                       565                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::70                     25806                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::71                      7148                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::72                     92944                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::73                     73910                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::74                   1235806                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::75                   2438604                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::76                  27736764                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::77                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::78                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::79                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::80                    298611                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::81                       750                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::82                      3157                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::83                      4455                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::84                      3594                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::85                      5761                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::86                     11266                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::87                     30702                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::88                    155054                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::89                    410527                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::90                   1357833                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::91                   7678837                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::92                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::93                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::94                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::95                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::96                   2281072                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::97                       540                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::98                     21753                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::99                       806                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::100                    26657                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::101                     6144                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::102                    71432                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::103                    62101                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::104                   265610                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::105                   335712                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::106                  4444679                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::107                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::108                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::109                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::110                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::111                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::112                   628943                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::113                     3992                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::114                     8642                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::115                     9298                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::116                    27294                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::117                    28168                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::118                    68082                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::119                    63449                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::120                   337641                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::121                   850642                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::122                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::123                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::124                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::125                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::126                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::127                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::128                  7380414                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::129                    30797                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::130                    60670                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::131                    35680                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::132                   123184                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::133                    33816                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::134                   107880                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::135                    95889                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::136                  1967509                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::137                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::138                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::139                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::140                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::141                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::142                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::143                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::144                  1048004                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::145                     4149                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::146                    32435                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::147                    21502                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::148                    27882                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::149                    21576                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::150                   148754                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::151                   353753                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::152                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::153                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::154                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::155                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::156                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::157                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::158                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::159                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::160                  4156898                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::161                     3398                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::162                    62094                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::163                     6523                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::164                    95907                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::165                    37747                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::166                   949844                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::167                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::168                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::169                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::170                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::171                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::172                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::173                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::174                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::175                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::176                  4461927                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::177                     4181                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::178                    29471                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::179                    20256                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::180                   155151                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::181                   177452                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::182                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::183                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::184                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::185                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::186                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::187                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::188                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::189                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::190                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::191                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::192                  6959645                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::193                     2603                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::194                   111387                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::195                    29759                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::196                   942242                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::197                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::198                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::199                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::200                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::201                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::202                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::203                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::204                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::205                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::206                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::207                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::208                  5685014                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::209                     6308                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::210                   180662                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::211                   125019                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::212                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::213                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::214                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::215                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::216                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::217                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::218                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::219                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::220                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::221                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::222                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::223                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::224                 22191796                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::225                    10585                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::226                   973864                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::227                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::228                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::229                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::230                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::231                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::232                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::233                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::234                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::235                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::236                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::237                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::238                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::239                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::240                 32956621                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::241                    42020                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::242                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::243                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::244                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::245                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::246                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::247                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::248                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::249                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::250                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::251                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::252                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::253                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::254                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::255                 11166434                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::256                142681152                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::257                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::total             1094537100                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::0                       3228                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::1                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::2                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::3                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::4                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::5                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::6                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::7                         50                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::8                      56046                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::9                        181                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::10                      9570                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::11                       572                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::12                     54550                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::13                      6574                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::14                    871542                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::15                   2094613                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::16                 249083284                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::17                        92                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::18                       190                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::19                       718                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::20                       491                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::21                      2070                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::22                       884                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::23                     10272                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::24                      6535                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::25                      3616                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::26                      2178                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::27                     41342                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::28                     64126                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::29                    566154                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::30                   4609622                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::31                 131384880                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::32                    709993                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::33                        27                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::34                      6256                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::35                        65                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::36                      8221                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::37                       286                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::38                     21883                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::39                      1974                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::40                     29630                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::41                      2184                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::42                     57501                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::43                     60777                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::44                   1789973                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::45                   3359293                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::46                  72158803                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::47                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::48                    139190                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::49                       350                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::50                       748                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::51                      1878                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::52                      1366                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::53                      4599                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::54                      1884                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::55                      7166                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::56                     18197                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::57                     26797                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::58                     72814                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::59                   1058262                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::60                   3273380                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::61                  25228279                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::62                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::63                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::64                   1357283                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::65                       135                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::66                     10551                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::67                       262                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::68                     12867                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::69                       319                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::70                     16573                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::71                      4123                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::72                     56800                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::73                     47019                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::74                    834986                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::75                   1591493                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::76                  19251401                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::77                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::78                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::79                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::80                    220970                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::81                       500                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::82                      1974                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::83                      2746                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::84                      2206                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::85                      3839                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::86                      6915                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::87                     18208                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::88                     91582                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::89                    275587                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::90                    931962                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::91                   5285477                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::92                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::93                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::94                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::95                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::96                   1983128                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::97                       306                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::98                     15298                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::99                       572                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::100                    17610                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::101                     3707                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::102                    46421                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::103                    36664                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::104                   175733                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::105                   227547                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::106                  3134497                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::107                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::108                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::109                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::110                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::111                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::112                   461657                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::113                     2439                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::114                     5618                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::115                     5988                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::116                    17640                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::117                    17998                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::118                    40332                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::119                    41890                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::120                   221592                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::121                   563644                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::122                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::123                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::124                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::125                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::126                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::127                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::128                  5026302                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::129                    20868                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::130                    40312                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::131                    22759                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::132                    82201                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::133                    20699                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::134                    75896                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::135                    61520                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::136                  1228512                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::137                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::138                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::139                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::140                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::141                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::142                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::143                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::144                   759892                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::145                     2784                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::146                    21708                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::147                    14265                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::148                    19727                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::149                    15230                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::150                    96743                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::151                   218161                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::152                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::153                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::154                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::155                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::156                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::157                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::158                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::159                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::160                  3487245                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::161                     2604                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::162                    46844                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::163                     4424                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::164                    72433                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::165                    24739                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::166                   596733                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::167                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::168                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::169                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::170                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::171                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::172                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::173                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::174                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::175                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::176                  3364704                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::177                     3631                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::178                    21893                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::179                    14122                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::180                   102972                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::181                   110698                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::182                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::183                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::184                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::185                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::186                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::187                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::188                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::189                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::190                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::191                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::192                  7440294                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::193                     2275                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::194                    84674                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::195                    19415                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::196                   591467                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::197                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::198                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::199                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::200                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::201                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::202                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::203                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::204                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::205                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::206                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::207                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::208                  5542911                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::209                     4887                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::210                   117079                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::211                    78377                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::212                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::213                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::214                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::215                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::216                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::217                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::218                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::219                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::220                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::221                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::222                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::223                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::224                 23177884                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::225                     6635                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::226                   615825                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::227                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::228                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::229                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::230                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::231                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::232                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::233                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::234                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::235                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::236                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::237                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::238                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::239                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::240                 32310757                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::241                    26583                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::242                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::243                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::244                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::245                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::246                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::247                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::248                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::249                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::250                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::251                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::252                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::253                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::254                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::255                  9112904                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::256                146662967                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::257                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::total              775336770                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::0                        624                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::1                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::2                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::3                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::4                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::5                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::6                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::7                         51                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::8                      52056                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::9                        222                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::10                      9149                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::11                       543                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::12                     49808                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::13                      5877                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::14                    784264                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::15                   1929648                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::16                 227566979                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::17                        86                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::18                       143                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::19                       739                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::20                       354                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::21                      1971                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::22                       726                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::23                      9933                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::24                      5659                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::25                      3511                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::26                      1729                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::27                     37842                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::28                     53376                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::29                    508627                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::30                   4060468                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::31                 120384914                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::32                    280404                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::33                        13                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::34                      5103                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::35                        80                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::36                      6980                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::37                       222                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::38                     16124                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::39                      1805                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::40                     24107                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::41                      2103                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::42                     46369                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::43                     49964                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::44                   1446615                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::45                   2939580                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::46                  62660707                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::47                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::48                     44221                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::49                       317                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::50                       571                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::51                      1641                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::52                       947                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::53                      3605                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::54                      1506                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::55                      6195                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::56                     14847                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::57                     21578                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::58                     54145                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::59                    852859                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::60                   2588255                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::61                  21470253                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::62                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::63                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::64                    539602                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::65                       116                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::66                      7618                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::67                       142                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::68                      9929                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::69                       295                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::70                     12965                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::71                      3542                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::72                     49123                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::73                     35217                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::74                    613819                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::75                   1209342                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::76                  14211740                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::77                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::78                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::79                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::80                     89603                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::81                       286                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::82                      1347                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::83                      2143                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::84                      1657                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::85                      2852                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::86                      5116                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::87                     15600                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::88                     79929                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::89                    202992                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::90                    633329                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::91                   3962301                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::92                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::93                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::94                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::95                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::96                    781635                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::97                       144                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::98                     10043                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::99                       332                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::100                    12659                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::101                     2607                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::102                    35621                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::103                    30689                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::104                   128063                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::105                   157673                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::106                  2225369                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::107                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::108                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::109                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::110                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::111                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::112                   182464                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::113                      995                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::114                     2930                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::115                     3420                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::116                    11109                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::117                    12613                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::118                    31323                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::119                    29808                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::120                   166486                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::121                   449297                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::122                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::123                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::124                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::125                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::126                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::127                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::128                  2083750                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::129                     5836                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::130                    21412                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::131                    11134                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::132                    55895                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::133                    13810                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::134                    49009                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::135                    46930                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::136                  1103237                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::137                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::138                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::139                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::140                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::141                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::142                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::143                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::144                   319092                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::145                     1278                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::146                    12878                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::147                     9793                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::148                    11024                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::149                     9601                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::150                    70539                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::151                   197174                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::152                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::153                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::154                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::155                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::156                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::157                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::158                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::159                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::160                  1419472                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::161                      961                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::162                    26417                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::163                     2345                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::164                    41385                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::165                    17650                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::166                   524193                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::167                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::168                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::169                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::170                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::171                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::172                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::173                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::174                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::175                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::176                  1579707                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::177                     1218                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::178                    11155                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::179                     9317                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::180                    73202                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::181                    98096                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::182                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::183                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::184                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::185                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::186                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::187                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::188                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::189                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::190                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::191                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::192                  1449695                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::193                      631                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::194                    47400                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::195                    14321                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::196                   527808                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::197                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::198                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::199                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::200                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::201                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::202                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::203                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::204                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::205                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::206                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::207                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::208                  1216404                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::209                     2469                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::210                    88302                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::211                    69711                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::212                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::213                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::214                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::215                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::216                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::217                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::218                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::219                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::220                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::221                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::222                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::223                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::224                  5091409                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::225                     5296                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::226                   546189                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::227                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::228                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::229                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::230                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::231                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::232                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::233                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::234                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::235                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::236                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::237                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::238                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::239                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::240                  8199844                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::241                    23830                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::242                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::243                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::244                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::245                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::246                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::247                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::248                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::249                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::250                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::251                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::252                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::253                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::254                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::255                  7142933                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::256                 39732992                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::257                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::total              545963044                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::0                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::1                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::2                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::3                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::4                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::5                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::6                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::7                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::8                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::0                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::1                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::2                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::3                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::4                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::5                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::6                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::7                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::8                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::total                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::0                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::1                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::2                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::3                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::4                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::total                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::0                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::1                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::2                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::3                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::total                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 65366.486758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                    21036984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                  17706208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                      1.188113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle              143491712887000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1153.017860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.015147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.127933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     4.556024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 60662.804865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.498248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data  3545.466681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.017594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.925641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.054100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        13450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        49740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          696                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                1271728930                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses               1271728930                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 146115316974114                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      9035368                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          9035368                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       117864                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                117873                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1859738                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       356515                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2216253                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1977602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       356524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  2334126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1977602                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       356524                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 2334126                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        19927                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               19980                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     14594357                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2644958                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        17240175                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     14614284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2645011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total               17260155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                  5                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     14614284                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2645011                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total              17260155                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1684211103                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      4785876                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1688996979                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       224775                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       384282                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62906031                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1288521054468                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     18088560                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 253367696682                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1541970354798                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst        224775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data        384282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62906031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1290205265571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     18088560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 253372482558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     1543659351777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       224775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       384282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62906031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1290205265571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     18088560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 253372482558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    1543659351777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      9035368                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      9035368                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       137791                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            137853                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16454095                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001473                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      19456428                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16591886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total             19594281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data                5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16591886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total            19594281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144618                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.854839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.144937                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.886974                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.881220                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.886091                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.880809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.881219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.880877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.880809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.881219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.880877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84519.049681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 90299.547170                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84534.383333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        74925                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76856.400000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97832.085537                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88288.991044                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 86548.133971                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 95792.710766                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89440.527999                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        74925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76856.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97832.085537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88283.850620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 86548.133971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 95792.600695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89434.848747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        74925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76856.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97832.085537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88283.850620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 86548.133971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 95792.600695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89434.848747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks              8769213                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                   8769213                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       302852                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        302852                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        19927                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          19980                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14594357                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2644958                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     17240175                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14614284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2645011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          17260155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data             5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14614284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2645011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         17260155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1548162653                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      4424038                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1552586691                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       204072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       350074                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58518504                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1188898779503                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     16661030                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 235313023522                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1424287536705                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       204072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       350074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58518504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1190446942156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     16661030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 235317447560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1425840123396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       204072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       350074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58518504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1190446942156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     16661030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 235317447560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1425840123396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.854839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.886974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.881220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.880809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.881219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.880877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.880809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.881219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.880877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77691.707382                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 83472.415094                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77707.041592                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        68024                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70014.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91008.559876                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81462.909226                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 79717.846890                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 88966.638987                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82614.447748                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        68024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70014.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91008.559876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81457.767083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 79717.846890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 88966.528895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82608.767036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        68024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70014.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91008.559876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81457.767083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 79717.846890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 88966.528895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82608.767036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      34454199                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     17194044                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 146115316974114                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           17240175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8769213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          8424831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             19980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            19980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      17240175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     25859056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     25855298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total     51714354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               51714354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    832973824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    832905728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total   1665879552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1665879552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          17260155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                17260155    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            17260155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         40859111949                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         40857907043                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        94689165229                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            336629235                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             539891                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        337169126                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            57216921                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               932                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        57217853                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            393846156                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             540823                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        394386979                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1000540825                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                15                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1000540840                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 2638328657040                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               7479193898                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1000000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1000000002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     642820544                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      682944718                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls             1322814                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts     17211618                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            642820544                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             682944718                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads    713377757                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    295028038                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads    763125300                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    627237675                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             394386979                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           337169126                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts           57217853                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       22865.679687                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       7479171032.320313                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999997                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000003                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                  18841423                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass       2337352      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         247503173     24.74%     24.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult           135314      0.01%     24.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     24.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd       188819630     18.87%     43.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp         1101312      0.11%     43.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt         1102081      0.11%     44.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult      164934472     16.48%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv          220416      0.02%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead         63595704      6.36%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite         4024564      0.40%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead    273573518     27.34%     94.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite     53193289      5.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1000540825                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.lookups       2243684                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condPredicted      2166762                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condIncorrect         4275                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBLookups      2071822                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHits       2012227                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHitPct    97.123546                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.usedRAS             0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectLookups            0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectHits            0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectMisses            0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_hits          103190019                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_misses          1061093                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_accesses      104251112                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_hits          10718428                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_misses             570                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_accesses      10718998                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_hits          113908447                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_misses          1061663                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_accesses      114970110                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_hits          17303476                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_misses               8                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_accesses      17303484                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 2638328657040                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.numCycles              443690759                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17500435                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Insts            241137945                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Branches           2243684                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.predictedBranches      2012227                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Cycles           425840609                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.SquashCycles        613844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          626                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.CacheLines        17303476                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2225                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::samples    443648594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.543534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::0      408768379     92.14%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::1        1954881      0.44%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::2         697128      0.16%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::3        1626612      0.37%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::4        1615512      0.36%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::5         680125      0.15%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::6         755799      0.17%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::7        1889759      0.43%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::8       25660399      5.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::total    443648594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.branchRate        0.005057                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rate              0.543482                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.IdleCycles        6360746                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BlockedCycles    408063767                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.RunCycles        18900258                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.UnblockCycles     10016908                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashCycles       306914                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchResolved      1819273                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchMispred            8                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.DecodedInsts    227337139                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SquashCycles       306914                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IdleCycles       10702489                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.BlockCycles     139892162                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RunCycles        24296502                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UnblockCycles    268450526                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedInsts    224758429                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IQFullEvents      3375779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.LQFullEvents    265333653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SQFullEvents         1351                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedOperands    210840815                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenameLookups    331140887                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.int_rename_lookups    172187582                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.fp_rename_lookups    158953305                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.CommittedMaps    187626846                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UndoneMaps       23213894                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.skidInsts        60007392                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedLoads     93114740                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedStores     11679190                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingLoads       104090                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingStores        97627                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsAdded        223661697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsIssued       228732224                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       342044                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23661630                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14265729                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    443648594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.515571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.452648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    368481421     83.06%     83.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26933174      6.07%     89.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13131961      2.96%     92.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7952810      1.79%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8672031      1.95%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5732962      1.29%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4908172      1.11%     98.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3813772      0.86%     99.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4022291      0.91%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    443648594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         51424      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntMult          506      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       931406      7.39%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      7.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemRead      5137183     40.74%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121768      0.97%     49.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead      6368792     50.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           12      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     44529614     19.47%     19.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        96396      0.04%     19.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     19.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     27409929     11.98%     31.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     41695998     18.23%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29516978     12.90%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1805124      0.79%     63.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead     74763358     32.69%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      8914827      3.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::total    228732224                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.rate                 0.515522                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_cnt          12611091                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.055135                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    600935416                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     79842078                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     72912864                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    313130759                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    167481770                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    142525305                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_alu_accesses     81258993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_alu_accesses     160084322                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       562306                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      9699132                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          521                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1086743                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     11901696                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewSquashCycles       306914                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewBlockCycles      10226054                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewUnblockCycles    129481814                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    223847741                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1662                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     93114740                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     11679190                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36107                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents    129426888                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          521                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         3860                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          457                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.branchMispredicts         4317                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecutedInsts    228651422                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    104251112                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        80800                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_nop              186044                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_refs          114970110                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_branches        1994187                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_stores         10718998                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_rate           0.515340                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_sent            216511715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_count           215438169                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_producers       143083360                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_consumers       149963703                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_rate             0.485559                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_fanout           0.954120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22566896                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branchMispredicts         4267                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    440690685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.454254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.680752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    397567223     90.21%     90.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12530056      2.84%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4283395      0.97%     94.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2667431      0.61%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2243502      0.51%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1603379      0.36%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1665192      0.38%     95.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       939735      0.21%     96.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     17190772      3.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    440690685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedInsts    200185515                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedOps    200185515                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.refs             94008030                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.loads            83415586                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.membars                 0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branches          1780705                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.fp_insts        133556284                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.int_insts       133992906                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       185513      0.09%      0.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     39964775     19.96%     20.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        96303      0.05%     20.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     20.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd     26372358     13.17%     33.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult     39558536     19.76%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     24580982     12.28%     65.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      1801658      0.90%     66.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     58834604     29.39%     95.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      8790786      4.39%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::total    200185515                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.bw_lim_events     17190772                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_reads          642323451                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_writes         448462807                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus_1.timesIdled                   387                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus_1.idleCycles                 42165                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus_1.committedInsts         200000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.committedOps           200000002                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi                     2.218454                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi_total               2.218454                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc                     0.450764                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc_total               0.450764                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_reads      181540845                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_writes      69114905                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_reads       147032134                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_writes      133622604                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     39183902                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     19589621                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         749482                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       749482                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 146115316974114                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          19456428                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     17804581                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        19425707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           137853                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          137853                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     19456428                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     58778188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side   1832297536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                        17640672                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                 561229632                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples         37234958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.020128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.140440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0               36485476     97.99%     97.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                 749482      2.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total           37234958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16057016910                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy       13049792811                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
