
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.006359                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1006359253047                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               111332578007304                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 634350                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   634350                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              531986963                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2384244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1891.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1200000011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1200000011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332578007304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.data            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2448000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         2880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data      1918592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4386304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        16512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         2880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        19520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2268288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2268288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.data               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        38250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data        29978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              68536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        35442                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             35442                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.inst               127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.data               191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        16408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      2432531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         2862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data      1906468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              4358587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        16408                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         2862                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           19397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        2253955                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             2253955                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        2253955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.inst              127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.data              191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        16408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      2432531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst         2862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data      1906468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             6612541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      68536                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     35442                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    68536                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   35442                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4378240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   8064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2266048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4386304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2268288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   126                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             3933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             1692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             1992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             1773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             1891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            1988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1006336906416                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                68536                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               35442                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  63981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   4211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  1956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  2005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  2013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  2007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  2003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  2028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  2044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  2048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  1979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  1978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        49774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   133.489131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.832902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.201790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        23075     46.36%     46.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        22065     44.33%     90.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2332      4.69%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1016      2.04%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          657      1.32%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          365      0.73%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          177      0.36%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           57      0.11%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           30      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        49774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1978                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.581901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   718.426867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         1977     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1978                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1978                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.900404                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.870445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.029013                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             312     15.77%     15.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              92      4.65%     20.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1153     58.29%     78.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             344     17.39%     96.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              62      3.13%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              11      0.56%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.10%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1978                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1402815662                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2685503162                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 342050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    20506.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               39256.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        4.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        2.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     4.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     2.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   44713                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   9330                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                65.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               26.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   9678363.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   52.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               177414720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                94298160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              242909940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              92018160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        4624551360.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          2225046870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           127804320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18091596510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy     4384961280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    228186380295                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          258247618785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           256.615734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        1001112483177                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    130277558                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1958196000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 950051820547                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11418569248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3124320280                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  39676069414                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               177971640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                94594170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              245537460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              92806380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        4501008720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          2221116150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           119844960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17732981580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy     4255864320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    228431405520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          257873854410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           256.244331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        1001139877072                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    114326266                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1905540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 951203592547                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11082272361                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3165540004                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  38887981869                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332578007304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.data             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        16448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2445888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         2496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data      1912896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4377856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        16448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         2496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        19008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      2267008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2267008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.data               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        38217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data        29889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              68404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        35422                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             35422                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.inst                64                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.data                64                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        16344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      2430432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         2480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data      1900808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              4350192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        16344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         2480                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           18888                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks        2252683                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             2252683                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks        2252683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.inst               64                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.data               64                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        16344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      2430432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst         2480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data      1900808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             6602875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      68404                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     35422                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    68404                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   35422                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4368320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   9536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2265280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4377856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2267008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   149                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             3940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             3871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             1727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             1825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             1885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            1982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1006332796530                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                68404                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               35422                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  63885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   4177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  1943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  2022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  2020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  2011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  2001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  1998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  1998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  2018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  2027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  2069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  1977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        49722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   133.413781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.879346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   110.926735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        22998     46.25%     46.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        22287     44.82%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2169      4.36%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          995      2.00%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          611      1.23%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          383      0.77%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          198      0.40%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           61      0.12%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           20      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        49722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.536943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   718.504831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         1975     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.912449                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.880834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.066368                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             310     15.69%     15.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              72      3.64%     19.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1210     61.23%     80.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             289     14.63%     95.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              75      3.80%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               9      0.46%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               7      0.35%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.10%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1385336431                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2665117681                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 341275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    20296.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               39046.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        4.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        2.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     4.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     2.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   44609                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   9319                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                65.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               26.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   9692493.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   52.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               176607900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                93869325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              242710020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              91945080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        4593204720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          2201453430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           127404000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18073371330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy     4287859200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    228265404405                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          258154124280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           256.522831                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        1001165624704                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    130403842                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1944888000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 950398167547                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  11165960500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3085810684                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  39634022474                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               178407180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                94825665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              244630680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              92816820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        4503467280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          2236137360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           121080960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17805678240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy     4192574400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    228424079730                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          257894591865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           256.264938                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        1001105766396                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    117937105                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1906592000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 951172447547                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10917748624                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3195714447                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  39048813324                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332578007304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                      16                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted                16                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect                13                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                    0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct                   nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                           28                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                       28                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                          14                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                      14                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                           42                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                       42                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                          30                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                      30                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    6                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1006359253047                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                              594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles                160                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                            176                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                          16                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                            29                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                      29                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                        30                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                    15                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples                226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.778761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.157095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                      197     87.17%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                        0      0.00%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                        0      0.00%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                        0      0.00%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                       14      6.19%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                        0      0.00%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                        0      0.00%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                        0      0.00%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                       15      6.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                  226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.026936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.296296                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                      130                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                    54                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                        27                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                     15                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                    160                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                     15                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                      131                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                      51                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                        26                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                     3                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                    157                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                      4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands                 118                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                   250                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups              250                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                     2                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                      116                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                        11                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                   26                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                  26                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                        156                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                       108                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined             153                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined          129                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples           226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.477876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.233584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 185     81.86%     81.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  13      5.75%     87.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  14      6.19%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                   1      0.44%     94.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                   1      0.44%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  12      5.31%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            5                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    66     61.11%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   28     25.93%     87.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  14     12.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                    108                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.181818                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                          0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                442                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               309                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           89                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                    108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads                0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads           25                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           26                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                     15                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                      43                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     1                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 156                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    26                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   26                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect              0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           13                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                   13                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   108                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    28                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                           42                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                       13                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                         14                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.181818                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                             89                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                            89                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                        33                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                        33                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.149832                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                            1                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts             153                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts                13                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples          193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.015544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.160620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0          191     98.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            1      0.52%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            1      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total          193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                    3                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                      3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                              1                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                             1                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                          1                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                         3                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu                2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead               1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total                 3                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                     0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                          348                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                         344                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                               3                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                             368                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                           3                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                             198.000000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                       198.000000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.005051                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.005051                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                      177                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                      62                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        32                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332578007304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4495872                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::0                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::1                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::2                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::3                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::4                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::5                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::6                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::7                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::8                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::9                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::10                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::11                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::12                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::13                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::14                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::15                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::16                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::17                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::18                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::19                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::20                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::21                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::22                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::23                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::24                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::25                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::26                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::27                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::28                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::29                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::30                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::31                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::32                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::33                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::34                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::35                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::36                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::37                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::38                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::39                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::40                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::41                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::42                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::43                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::44                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::45                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::46                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::47                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::48                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::49                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::50                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::51                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::52                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::53                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::54                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::55                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::56                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::57                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::58                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::59                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::60                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::61                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::62                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::63                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::64                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::65                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::66                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::67                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::68                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::69                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::70                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::71                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::72                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::73                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::74                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::75                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::76                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::77                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::78                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::79                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::80                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::81                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::82                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::83                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::84                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::85                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::86                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::87                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::88                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::89                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::90                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::91                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::92                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::93                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::94                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::95                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::96                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::97                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::98                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::99                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::100                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::101                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::102                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::103                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::104                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::105                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::106                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::107                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::108                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::109                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::110                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::111                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::112                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::113                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::114                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::115                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::116                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::117                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::118                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::119                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::120                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::121                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::122                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::123                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::124                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::125                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::126                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::127                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::128                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::129                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::130                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::131                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::132                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::133                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::134                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::135                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::136                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::137                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::138                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::139                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::140                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::141                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::142                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::143                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::144                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::145                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::146                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::147                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::148                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::149                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::150                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::151                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::152                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::153                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::154                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::155                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::156                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::157                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::158                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::159                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::160                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::161                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::162                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::163                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::164                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::165                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::166                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::167                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::168                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::169                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::170                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::171                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::172                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::173                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::174                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::175                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::176                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::177                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::178                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::179                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::180                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::181                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::182                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::183                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::184                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::185                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::186                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::187                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::188                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::189                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::190                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::191                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::192                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::193                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::194                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::195                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::196                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::197                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::198                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::199                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::200                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::201                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::202                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::203                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::204                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::205                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::206                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::207                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::208                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::209                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::210                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::211                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::212                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::213                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::214                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::215                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::216                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::217                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::218                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::219                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::220                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::221                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::222                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::223                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::224                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::225                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::226                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::227                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::228                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::229                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::230                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::231                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::232                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::233                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::234                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::235                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::236                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::237                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::238                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::239                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::240                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::241                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::242                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::243                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::244                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::245                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::246                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::247                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::248                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::249                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::250                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::251                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::252                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::253                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::254                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::255                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::256                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::257                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::0                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::1                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::2                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::3                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::4                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::5                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::6                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::7                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::8                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::9                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::10                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::11                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::12                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::13                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::14                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::15                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::16                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::17                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::18                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::19                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::20                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::21                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::22                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::23                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::24                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::25                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::26                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::27                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::28                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::29                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::30                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::31                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::32                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::33                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::34                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::35                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::36                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::37                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::38                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::39                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::40                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::41                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::42                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::43                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::44                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::45                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::46                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::47                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::48                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::49                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::50                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::51                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::52                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::53                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::54                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::55                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::56                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::57                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::58                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::59                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::60                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::61                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::62                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::63                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::64                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::65                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::66                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::67                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::68                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::69                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::70                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::71                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::72                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::73                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::74                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::75                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::76                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::77                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::78                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::79                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::80                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::81                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::82                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::83                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::84                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::85                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::86                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::87                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::88                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::89                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::90                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::91                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::92                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::93                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::94                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::95                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::96                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::97                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::98                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::99                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::100                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::101                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::102                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::103                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::104                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::105                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::106                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::107                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::108                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::109                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::110                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::111                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::112                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::113                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::114                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::115                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::116                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::117                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::118                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::119                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::120                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::121                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::122                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::123                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::124                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::125                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::126                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::127                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::128                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::129                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::130                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::131                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::132                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::133                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::134                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::135                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::136                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::137                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::138                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::139                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::140                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::141                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::142                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::143                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::144                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::145                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::146                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::147                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::148                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::149                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::150                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::151                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::152                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::153                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::154                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::155                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::156                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::157                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::158                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::159                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::160                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::161                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::162                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::163                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::164                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::165                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::166                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::167                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::168                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::169                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::170                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::171                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::172                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::173                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::174                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::175                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::176                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::177                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::178                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::179                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::180                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::181                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::182                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::183                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::184                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::185                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::186                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::187                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::188                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::189                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::190                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::191                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::192                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::193                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::194                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::195                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::196                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::197                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::198                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::199                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::200                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::201                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::202                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::203                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::204                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::205                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::206                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::207                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::208                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::209                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::210                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::211                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::212                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::213                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::214                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::215                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::216                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::217                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::218                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::219                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::220                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::221                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::222                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::223                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::224                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::225                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::226                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::227                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::228                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::229                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::230                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::231                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::232                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::233                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::234                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::235                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::236                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::237                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::238                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::239                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::240                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::241                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::242                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::243                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::244                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::245                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::246                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::247                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::248                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::249                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::250                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::251                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::252                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::253                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::254                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::255                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::256                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::257                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::0                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::1                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::2                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::3                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::4                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::5                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::6                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::7                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::8                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::9                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::10                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::11                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::12                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::13                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::14                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::15                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::16                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::17                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::18                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::19                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::20                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::21                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::22                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::23                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::24                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::25                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::26                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::27                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::28                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::29                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::30                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::31                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::32                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::33                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::34                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::35                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::36                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::37                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::38                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::39                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::40                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::41                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::42                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::43                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::44                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::45                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::46                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::47                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::48                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::49                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::50                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::51                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::52                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::53                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::54                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::55                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::56                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::57                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::58                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::59                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::60                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::61                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::62                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::63                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::64                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::65                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::66                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::67                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::68                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::69                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::70                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::71                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::72                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::73                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::74                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::75                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::76                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::77                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::78                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::79                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::80                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::81                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::82                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::83                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::84                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::85                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::86                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::87                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::88                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::89                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::90                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::91                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::92                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::93                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::94                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::95                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::96                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::97                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::98                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::99                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::100                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::101                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::102                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::103                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::104                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::105                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::106                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::107                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::108                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::109                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::110                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::111                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::112                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::113                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::114                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::115                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::116                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::117                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::118                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::119                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::120                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::121                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::122                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::123                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::124                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::125                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::126                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::127                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::128                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::129                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::130                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::131                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::132                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::133                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::134                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::135                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::136                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::137                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::138                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::139                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::140                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::141                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::142                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::143                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::144                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::145                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::146                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::147                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::148                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::149                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::150                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::151                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::152                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::153                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::154                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::155                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::156                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::157                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::158                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::159                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::160                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::161                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::162                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::163                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::164                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::165                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::166                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::167                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::168                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::169                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::170                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::171                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::172                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::173                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::174                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::175                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::176                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::177                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::178                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::179                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::180                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::181                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::182                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::183                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::184                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::185                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::186                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::187                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::188                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::189                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::190                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::191                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::192                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::193                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::194                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::195                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::196                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::197                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::198                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::199                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::200                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::201                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::202                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::203                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::204                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::205                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::206                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::207                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::208                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::209                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::210                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::211                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::212                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::213                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::214                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::215                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::216                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::217                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::218                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::219                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::220                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::221                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::222                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::223                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::224                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::225                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::226                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::227                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::228                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::229                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::230                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::231                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::232                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::233                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::234                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::235                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::236                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::237                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::238                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::239                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::240                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::241                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::242                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::243                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::244                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::245                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::246                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::247                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::248                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::249                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::250                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::251                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::252                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::253                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::254                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::255                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::256                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::257                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::0                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::1                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::2                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::3                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::4                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::5                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::6                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::7                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::8                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::9                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::10                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::11                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::12                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::13                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::14                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::15                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::16                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::17                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::18                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::19                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::20                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::21                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::22                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::23                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::24                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::25                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::26                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::27                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::28                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::29                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::30                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::31                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::32                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::33                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::34                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::35                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::36                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::37                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::38                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::39                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::40                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::41                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::42                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::43                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::44                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::45                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::46                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::47                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::48                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::49                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::50                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::51                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::52                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::53                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::54                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::55                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::56                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::57                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::58                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::59                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::60                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::61                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::62                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::63                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::64                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::65                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::66                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::67                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::68                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::69                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::70                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::71                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::72                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::73                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::74                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::75                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::76                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::77                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::78                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::79                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::80                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::81                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::82                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::83                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::84                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::85                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::86                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::87                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::88                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::89                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::90                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::91                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::92                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::93                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::94                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::95                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::96                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::97                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::98                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::99                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::100                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::101                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::102                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::103                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::104                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::105                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::106                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::107                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::108                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::109                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::110                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::111                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::112                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::113                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::114                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::115                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::116                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::117                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::118                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::119                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::120                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::121                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::122                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::123                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::124                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::125                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::126                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::127                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::128                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::129                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::130                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::131                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::132                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::133                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::134                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::135                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::136                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::137                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::138                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::139                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::140                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::141                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::142                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::143                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::144                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::145                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::146                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::147                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::148                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::149                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::150                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::151                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::152                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::153                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::154                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::155                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::156                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::157                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::158                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::159                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::160                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::161                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::162                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::163                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::164                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::165                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::166                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::167                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::168                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::169                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::170                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::171                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::172                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::173                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::174                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::175                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::176                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::177                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::178                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::179                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::180                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::181                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::182                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::183                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::184                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::185                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::186                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::187                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::188                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::189                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::190                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::191                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::192                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::193                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::194                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::195                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::196                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::197                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::198                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::199                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::200                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::201                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::202                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::203                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::204                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::205                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::206                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::207                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::208                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::209                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::210                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::211                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::212                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::213                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::214                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::215                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::216                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::217                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::218                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::219                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::220                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::221                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::222                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::223                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::224                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::225                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::226                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::227                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::228                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::229                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::230                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::231                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::232                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::233                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::234                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::235                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::236                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::237                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::238                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::239                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::240                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::241                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::242                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::243                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::244                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::245                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::246                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::247                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::248                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::249                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::250                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::251                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::252                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::253                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::254                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::255                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::256                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::257                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::0         473470242                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::1         122443817                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::2         163291532                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::3         391868713                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::total    1151074304                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::0     353456190                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::1      89853366                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::2     109371942                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::3     598392806                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::total   1151074304                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.970182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           444167014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4496384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             98.783159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      110326444257195                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   501.289967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data    10.679179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.979082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.020858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        3614848048                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       3614848048                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332578007304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    265169418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     50557585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       315727003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    108720099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     19698009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      128418108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data         1271                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8385                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data         1257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8355                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    373889517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     70255594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        444145111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    373889517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     70255594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       444145111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1646409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       898179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2544614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2107805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2479290                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4587095                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           25                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          199                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3754214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3377469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        7131709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data           26                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3754214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3377469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       7131709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2007657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16864835949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  11532825630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28399669236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53220405321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  77775676307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 130996081628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2763567                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data       981351                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      3744918                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1506492                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data       216450                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1722942                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      2007657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70085241270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  89308501937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 159395750864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      2007657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70085241270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  89308501937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 159395750864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    266815827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     51455764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    318271617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    110827904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     22177299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    133005203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7272                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data         1312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7272                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data         1282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8554                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    377643731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     73633063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    451276820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    377643731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     73633063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    451276820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.017455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.111794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034488                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021727                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.031250                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023183                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023927                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.019501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.023264                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.045869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.045869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77217.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10243.406073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 12840.230767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11160.698336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25249.207266                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 31370.140769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28557.525324                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17490.930380                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 23935.390244                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18818.683417                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         8658                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data         8658                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8658                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77217.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18668.419347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 26442.434242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22350.288110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77217.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18668.419347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 26442.434242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22350.288110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       974916                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          301                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             52054                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.728935                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           43                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2619756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2619756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       572852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       572874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      2058489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2058489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      2631341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2631363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      2631341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2631363                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1646409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       325327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1971740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2107805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       420801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2528606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           25                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          199                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3754214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       746128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4500346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3754214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       746128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4500346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       380619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15768327555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   3167077086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18935785260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51816607191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  13621587983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65438195174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2658339                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data       576090                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3234429                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1390608                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data       199800                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1590408                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       380619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67584934746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  16788665069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  84373980434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       380619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67584934746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  16788665069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  84373980434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.018974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021727                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.020579                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021552                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023927                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.019501                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023264                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.010133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.010133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 95154.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9577.406073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  9735.057607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9603.591376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24583.207266                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 32370.616950                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25879.158388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16824.930380                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 21336.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17483.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 95154.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18002.419347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 22501.052191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18748.331891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 95154.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18002.419347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 22501.052191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18748.331891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332578007304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::0                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::1                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::2                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::3                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::4                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::5                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::6                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::7                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::8                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::9                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::10                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::11                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::12                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::13                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::14                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::15                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::16                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::17                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::18                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::19                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::20                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::21                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::22                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::23                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::24                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::25                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::26                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::27                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::28                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::29                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::30                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::31                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::32                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::33                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::34                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::35                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::36                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::37                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::38                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::39                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::40                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::41                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::42                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::43                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::44                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::45                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::46                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::47                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::48                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::49                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::50                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::51                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::52                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::53                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::54                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::55                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::56                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::57                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::58                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::59                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::60                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::61                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::62                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::63                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::64                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::65                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::66                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::67                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::68                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::69                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::70                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::71                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::72                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::73                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::74                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::75                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::76                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::77                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::78                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::79                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::80                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::81                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::82                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::83                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::84                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::85                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::86                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::87                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::88                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::89                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::90                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::91                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::92                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::93                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::94                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::95                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::96                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::97                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::98                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::99                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::100                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::101                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::102                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::103                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::104                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::105                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::106                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::107                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::108                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::109                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::110                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::111                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::112                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::113                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::114                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::115                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::116                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::117                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::118                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::119                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::120                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::121                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::122                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::123                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::124                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::125                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::126                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::127                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::128                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::129                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::130                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::131                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::132                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::133                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::134                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::135                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::136                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::137                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::138                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::139                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::140                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::141                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::142                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::143                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::144                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::145                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::146                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::147                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::148                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::149                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::150                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::151                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::152                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::153                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::154                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::155                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::156                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::157                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::158                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::159                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::160                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::161                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::162                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::163                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::164                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::165                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::166                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::167                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::168                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::169                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::170                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::171                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::172                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::173                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::174                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::175                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::176                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::177                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::178                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::179                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::180                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::181                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::182                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::183                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::184                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::185                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::186                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::187                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::188                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::189                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::190                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::191                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::192                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::193                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::194                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::195                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::196                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::197                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::198                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::199                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::200                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::201                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::202                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::203                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::204                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::205                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::206                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::207                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::208                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::209                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::210                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::211                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::212                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::213                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::214                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::215                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::216                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::217                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::218                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::219                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::220                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::221                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::222                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::223                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::224                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::225                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::226                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::227                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::228                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::229                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::230                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::231                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::232                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::233                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::234                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::235                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::236                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::237                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::238                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::239                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::240                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::241                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::242                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::243                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::244                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::245                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::246                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::247                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::248                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::249                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::250                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::251                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::252                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::253                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::254                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::255                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::256                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::257                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::0                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::1                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::2                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::3                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::4                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::5                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::6                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::7                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::8                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::9                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::10                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::11                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::12                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::13                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::14                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::15                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::16                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::17                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::18                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::19                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::20                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::21                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::22                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::23                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::24                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::25                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::26                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::27                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::28                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::29                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::30                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::31                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::32                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::33                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::34                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::35                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::36                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::37                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::38                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::39                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::40                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::41                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::42                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::43                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::44                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::45                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::46                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::47                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::48                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::49                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::50                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::51                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::52                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::53                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::54                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::55                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::56                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::57                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::58                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::59                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::60                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::61                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::62                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::63                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::64                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::65                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::66                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::67                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::68                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::69                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::70                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::71                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::72                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::73                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::74                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::75                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::76                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::77                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::78                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::79                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::80                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::81                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::82                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::83                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::84                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::85                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::86                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::87                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::88                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::89                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::90                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::91                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::92                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::93                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::94                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::95                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::96                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::97                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::98                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::99                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::100                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::101                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::102                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::103                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::104                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::105                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::106                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::107                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::108                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::109                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::110                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::111                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::112                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::113                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::114                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::115                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::116                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::117                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::118                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::119                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::120                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::121                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::122                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::123                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::124                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::125                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::126                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::127                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::128                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::129                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::130                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::131                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::132                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::133                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::134                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::135                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::136                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::137                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::138                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::139                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::140                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::141                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::142                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::143                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::144                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::145                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::146                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::147                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::148                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::149                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::150                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::151                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::152                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::153                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::154                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::155                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::156                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::157                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::158                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::159                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::160                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::161                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::162                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::163                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::164                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::165                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::166                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::167                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::168                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::169                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::170                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::171                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::172                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::173                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::174                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::175                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::176                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::177                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::178                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::179                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::180                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::181                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::182                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::183                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::184                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::185                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::186                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::187                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::188                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::189                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::190                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::191                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::192                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::193                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::194                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::195                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::196                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::197                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::198                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::199                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::200                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::201                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::202                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::203                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::204                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::205                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::206                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::207                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::208                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::209                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::210                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::211                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::212                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::213                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::214                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::215                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::216                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::217                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::218                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::219                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::220                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::221                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::222                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::223                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::224                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::225                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::226                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::227                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::228                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::229                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::230                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::231                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::232                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::233                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::234                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::235                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::236                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::237                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::238                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::239                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::240                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::241                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::242                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::243                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::244                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::245                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::246                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::247                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::248                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::249                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::250                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::251                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::252                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::253                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::254                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::255                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::256                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::257                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::0                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::1                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::2                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::3                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::4                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::5                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::6                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::7                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::8                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::9                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::10                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::11                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::12                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::13                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::14                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::15                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::16                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::17                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::18                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::19                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::20                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::21                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::22                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::23                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::24                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::25                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::26                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::27                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::28                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::29                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::30                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::31                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::32                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::33                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::34                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::35                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::36                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::37                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::38                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::39                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::40                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::41                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::42                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::43                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::44                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::45                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::46                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::47                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::48                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::49                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::50                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::51                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::52                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::53                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::54                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::55                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::56                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::57                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::58                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::59                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::60                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::61                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::62                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::63                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::64                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::65                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::66                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::67                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::68                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::69                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::70                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::71                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::72                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::73                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::74                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::75                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::76                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::77                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::78                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::79                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::80                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::81                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::82                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::83                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::84                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::85                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::86                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::87                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::88                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::89                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::90                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::91                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::92                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::93                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::94                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::95                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::96                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::97                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::98                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::99                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::100                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::101                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::102                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::103                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::104                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::105                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::106                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::107                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::108                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::109                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::110                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::111                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::112                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::113                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::114                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::115                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::116                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::117                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::118                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::119                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::120                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::121                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::122                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::123                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::124                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::125                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::126                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::127                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::128                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::129                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::130                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::131                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::132                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::133                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::134                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::135                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::136                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::137                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::138                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::139                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::140                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::141                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::142                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::143                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::144                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::145                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::146                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::147                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::148                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::149                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::150                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::151                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::152                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::153                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::154                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::155                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::156                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::157                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::158                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::159                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::160                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::161                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::162                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::163                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::164                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::165                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::166                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::167                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::168                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::169                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::170                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::171                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::172                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::173                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::174                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::175                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::176                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::177                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::178                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::179                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::180                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::181                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::182                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::183                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::184                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::185                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::186                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::187                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::188                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::189                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::190                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::191                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::192                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::193                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::194                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::195                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::196                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::197                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::198                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::199                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::200                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::201                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::202                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::203                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::204                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::205                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::206                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::207                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::208                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::209                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::210                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::211                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::212                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::213                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::214                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::215                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::216                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::217                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::218                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::219                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::220                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::221                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::222                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::223                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::224                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::225                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::226                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::227                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::228                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::229                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::230                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::231                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::232                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::233                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::234                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::235                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::236                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::237                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::238                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::239                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::240                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::241                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::242                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::243                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::244                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::245                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::246                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::247                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::248                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::249                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::250                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::251                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::252                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::253                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::254                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::255                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::256                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::257                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::0                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::1                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::2                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::3                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::4                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::5                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::6                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::7                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::8                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::9                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::10                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::11                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::12                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::13                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::14                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::15                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::16                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::17                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::18                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::19                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::20                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::21                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::22                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::23                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::24                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::25                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::26                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::27                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::28                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::29                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::30                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::31                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::32                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::33                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::34                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::35                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::36                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::37                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::38                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::39                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::40                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::41                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::42                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::43                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::44                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::45                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::46                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::47                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::48                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::49                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::50                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::51                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::52                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::53                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::54                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::55                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::56                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::57                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::58                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::59                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::60                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::61                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::62                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::63                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::64                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::65                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::66                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::67                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::68                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::69                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::70                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::71                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::72                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::73                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::74                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::75                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::76                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::77                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::78                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::79                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::80                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::81                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::82                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::83                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::84                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::85                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::86                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::87                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::88                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::89                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::90                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::91                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::92                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::93                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::94                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::95                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::96                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::97                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::98                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::99                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::100                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::101                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::102                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::103                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::104                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::105                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::106                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::107                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::108                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::109                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::110                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::111                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::112                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::113                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::114                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::115                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::116                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::117                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::118                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::119                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::120                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::121                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::122                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::123                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::124                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::125                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::126                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::127                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::128                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::129                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::130                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::131                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::132                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::133                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::134                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::135                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::136                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::137                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::138                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::139                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::140                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::141                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::142                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::143                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::144                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::145                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::146                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::147                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::148                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::149                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::150                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::151                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::152                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::153                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::154                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::155                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::156                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::157                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::158                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::159                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::160                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::161                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::162                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::163                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::164                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::165                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::166                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::167                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::168                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::169                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::170                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::171                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::172                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::173                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::174                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::175                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::176                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::177                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::178                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::179                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::180                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::181                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::182                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::183                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::184                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::185                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::186                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::187                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::188                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::189                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::190                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::191                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::192                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::193                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::194                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::195                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::196                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::197                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::198                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::199                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::200                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::201                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::202                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::203                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::204                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::205                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::206                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::207                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::208                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::209                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::210                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::211                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::212                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::213                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::214                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::215                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::216                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::217                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::218                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::219                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::220                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::221                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::222                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::223                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::224                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::225                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::226                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::227                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::228                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::229                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::230                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::231                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::232                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::233                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::234                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::235                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::236                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::237                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::238                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::239                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::240                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::241                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::242                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::243                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::244                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::245                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::246                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::247                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::248                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::249                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::250                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::251                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::252                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::253                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::254                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::255                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::256                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::257                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::0            842005                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::1            426112                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::2            491730                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::3            393881                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::total       2153728                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::0        581407                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::1        292862                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::2        308592                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::3        970867                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::total      2153728                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           423.505854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1013669148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          120488.428385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     0.062432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   419.811092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     3.632330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.819944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.007094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.827160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        8109431005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       8109431005                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332578007304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000023766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     13645369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1013669148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000023766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     13645369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1013669148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000023766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     13645369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1013669148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          8676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           8676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          8676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst      1092906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    135215316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     32390244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168698466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      1092906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    135215316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     32390244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    168698466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst      1092906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    135215316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     32390244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    168698466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000030841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     13646953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1013677824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000030841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     13646953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1013677824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000030841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     13646953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1013677824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.566667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.566667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.566667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64288.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19111.705442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 20448.386364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19444.267635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64288.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19111.705442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 20448.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19444.267635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64288.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19111.705442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 20448.386364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19444.267635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          247                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.454545                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       272394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130503366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     25715925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156491685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       272394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130503366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     25715925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156491685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       272394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130503366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     25715925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156491685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18445.705442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 19262.865169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18601.174967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18445.705442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 19262.865169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18601.174967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18445.705442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 19262.865169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18601.174967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332578007304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.tags.replacements               2726175                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::0                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::1                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::2                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::3                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::4                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::5                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::6                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::7                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::8                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::9                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::10                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::11                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::12                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::13                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::14                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::15                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::16                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::17                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::18                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::19                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::20                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::21                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::22                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::23                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::24                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::25                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::26                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::27                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::28                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::29                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::30                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::31                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::32                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::33                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::34                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::35                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::36                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::37                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::38                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::39                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::40                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::41                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::42                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::43                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::44                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::45                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::46                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::47                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::48                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::49                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::50                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::51                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::52                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::53                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::54                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::55                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::56                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::57                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::58                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::59                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::60                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::61                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::62                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::63                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::64                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::65                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::66                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::67                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::68                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::69                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::70                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::71                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::72                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::73                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::74                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::75                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::76                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::77                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::78                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::79                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::80                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::81                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::82                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::83                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::84                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::85                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::86                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::87                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::88                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::89                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::90                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::91                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::92                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::93                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::94                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::95                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::96                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::97                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::98                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::99                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::100                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::101                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::102                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::103                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::104                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::105                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::106                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::107                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::108                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::109                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::110                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::111                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::112                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::113                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::114                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::115                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::116                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::117                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::118                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::119                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::120                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::121                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::122                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::123                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::124                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::125                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::126                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::127                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::128                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::129                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::130                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::131                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::132                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::133                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::134                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::135                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::136                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::137                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::138                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::139                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::140                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::141                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::142                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::143                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::144                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::145                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::146                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::147                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::148                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::149                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::150                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::151                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::152                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::153                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::154                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::155                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::156                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::157                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::158                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::159                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::160                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::161                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::162                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::163                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::164                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::165                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::166                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::167                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::168                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::169                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::170                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::171                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::172                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::173                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::174                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::175                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::176                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::177                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::178                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::179                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::180                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::181                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::182                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::183                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::184                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::185                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::186                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::187                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::188                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::189                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::190                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::191                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::192                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::193                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::194                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::195                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::196                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::197                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::198                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::199                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::200                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::201                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::202                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::203                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::204                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::205                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::206                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::207                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::208                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::209                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::210                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::211                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::212                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::213                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::214                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::215                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::216                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::217                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::218                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::219                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::220                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::221                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::222                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::223                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::224                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::225                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::226                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::227                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::228                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::229                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::230                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::231                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::232                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::233                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::234                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::235                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::236                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::237                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::238                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::239                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::240                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::241                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::242                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::243                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::244                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::245                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::246                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::247                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::248                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::249                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::250                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::251                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::252                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::253                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::254                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::255                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::256                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::257                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::0                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::1                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::2                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::3                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::4                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::5                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::6                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::7                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::8                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::9                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::10                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::11                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::12                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::13                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::14                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::15                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::16                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::17                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::18                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::19                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::20                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::21                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::22                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::23                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::24                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::25                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::26                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::27                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::28                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::29                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::30                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::31                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::32                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::33                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::34                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::35                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::36                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::37                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::38                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::39                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::40                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::41                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::42                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::43                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::44                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::45                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::46                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::47                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::48                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::49                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::50                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::51                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::52                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::53                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::54                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::55                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::56                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::57                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::58                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::59                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::60                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::61                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::62                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::63                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::64                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::65                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::66                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::67                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::68                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::69                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::70                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::71                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::72                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::73                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::74                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::75                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::76                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::77                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::78                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::79                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::80                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::81                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::82                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::83                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::84                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::85                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::86                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::87                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::88                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::89                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::90                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::91                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::92                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::93                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::94                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::95                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::96                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::97                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::98                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::99                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::100                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::101                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::102                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::103                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::104                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::105                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::106                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::107                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::108                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::109                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::110                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::111                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::112                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::113                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::114                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::115                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::116                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::117                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::118                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::119                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::120                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::121                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::122                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::123                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::124                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::125                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::126                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::127                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::128                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::129                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::130                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::131                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::132                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::133                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::134                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::135                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::136                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::137                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::138                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::139                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::140                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::141                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::142                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::143                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::144                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::145                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::146                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::147                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::148                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::149                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::150                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::151                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::152                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::153                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::154                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::155                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::156                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::157                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::158                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::159                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::160                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::161                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::162                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::163                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::164                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::165                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::166                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::167                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::168                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::169                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::170                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::171                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::172                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::173                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::174                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::175                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::176                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::177                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::178                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::179                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::180                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::181                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::182                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::183                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::184                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::185                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::186                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::187                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::188                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::189                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::190                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::191                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::192                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::193                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::194                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::195                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::196                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::197                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::198                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::199                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::200                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::201                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::202                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::203                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::204                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::205                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::206                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::207                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::208                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::209                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::210                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::211                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::212                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::213                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::214                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::215                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::216                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::217                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::218                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::219                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::220                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::221                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::222                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::223                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::224                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::225                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::226                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::227                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::228                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::229                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::230                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::231                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::232                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::233                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::234                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::235                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::236                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::237                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::238                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::239                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::240                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::241                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::242                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::243                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::244                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::245                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::246                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::247                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::248                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::249                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::250                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::251                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::252                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::253                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::254                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::255                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::256                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::257                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::0                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::1                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::2                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::3                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::4                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::5                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::6                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::7                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::8                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::9                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::10                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::11                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::12                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::13                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::14                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::15                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::16                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::17                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::18                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::19                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::20                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::21                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::22                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::23                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::24                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::25                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::26                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::27                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::28                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::29                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::30                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::31                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::32                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::33                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::34                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::35                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::36                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::37                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::38                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::39                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::40                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::41                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::42                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::43                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::44                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::45                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::46                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::47                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::48                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::49                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::50                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::51                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::52                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::53                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::54                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::55                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::56                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::57                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::58                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::59                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::60                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::61                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::62                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::63                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::64                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::65                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::66                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::67                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::68                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::69                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::70                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::71                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::72                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::73                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::74                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::75                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::76                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::77                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::78                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::79                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::80                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::81                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::82                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::83                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::84                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::85                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::86                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::87                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::88                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::89                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::90                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::91                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::92                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::93                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::94                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::95                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::96                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::97                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::98                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::99                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::100                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::101                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::102                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::103                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::104                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::105                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::106                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::107                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::108                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::109                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::110                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::111                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::112                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::113                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::114                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::115                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::116                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::117                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::118                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::119                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::120                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::121                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::122                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::123                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::124                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::125                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::126                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::127                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::128                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::129                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::130                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::131                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::132                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::133                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::134                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::135                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::136                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::137                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::138                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::139                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::140                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::141                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::142                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::143                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::144                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::145                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::146                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::147                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::148                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::149                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::150                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::151                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::152                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::153                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::154                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::155                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::156                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::157                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::158                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::159                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::160                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::161                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::162                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::163                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::164                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::165                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::166                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::167                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::168                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::169                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::170                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::171                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::172                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::173                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::174                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::175                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::176                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::177                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::178                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::179                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::180                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::181                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::182                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::183                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::184                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::185                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::186                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::187                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::188                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::189                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::190                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::191                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::192                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::193                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::194                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::195                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::196                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::197                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::198                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::199                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::200                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::201                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::202                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::203                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::204                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::205                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::206                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::207                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::208                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::209                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::210                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::211                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::212                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::213                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::214                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::215                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::216                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::217                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::218                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::219                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::220                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::221                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::222                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::223                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::224                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::225                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::226                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::227                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::228                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::229                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::230                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::231                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::232                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::233                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::234                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::235                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::236                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::237                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::238                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::239                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::240                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::241                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::242                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::243                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::244                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::245                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::246                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::247                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::248                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::249                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::250                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::251                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::252                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::253                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::254                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::255                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::256                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::257                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::0                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::1                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::2                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::3                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::4                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::5                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::6                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::7                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::8                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::9                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::10                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::11                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::12                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::13                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::14                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::15                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::16                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::17                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::18                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::19                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::20                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::21                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::22                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::23                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::24                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::25                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::26                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::27                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::28                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::29                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::30                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::31                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::32                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::33                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::34                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::35                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::36                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::37                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::38                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::39                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::40                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::41                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::42                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::43                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::44                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::45                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::46                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::47                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::48                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::49                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::50                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::51                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::52                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::53                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::54                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::55                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::56                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::57                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::58                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::59                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::60                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::61                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::62                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::63                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::64                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::65                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::66                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::67                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::68                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::69                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::70                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::71                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::72                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::73                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::74                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::75                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::76                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::77                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::78                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::79                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::80                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::81                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::82                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::83                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::84                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::85                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::86                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::87                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::88                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::89                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::90                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::91                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::92                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::93                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::94                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::95                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::96                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::97                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::98                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::99                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::100                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::101                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::102                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::103                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::104                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::105                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::106                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::107                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::108                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::109                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::110                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::111                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::112                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::113                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::114                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::115                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::116                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::117                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::118                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::119                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::120                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::121                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::122                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::123                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::124                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::125                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::126                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::127                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::128                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::129                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::130                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::131                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::132                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::133                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::134                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::135                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::136                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::137                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::138                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::139                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::140                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::141                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::142                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::143                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::144                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::145                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::146                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::147                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::148                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::149                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::150                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::151                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::152                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::153                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::154                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::155                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::156                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::157                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::158                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::159                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::160                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::161                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::162                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::163                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::164                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::165                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::166                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::167                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::168                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::169                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::170                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::171                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::172                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::173                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::174                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::175                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::176                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::177                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::178                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::179                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::180                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::181                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::182                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::183                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::184                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::185                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::186                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::187                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::188                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::189                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::190                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::191                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::192                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::193                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::194                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::195                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::196                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::197                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::198                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::199                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::200                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::201                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::202                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::203                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::204                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::205                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::206                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::207                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::208                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::209                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::210                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::211                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::212                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::213                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::214                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::215                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::216                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::217                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::218                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::219                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::220                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::221                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::222                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::223                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::224                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::225                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::226                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::227                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::228                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::229                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::230                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::231                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::232                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::233                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::234                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::235                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::236                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::237                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::238                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::239                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::240                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::241                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::242                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::243                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::244                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::245                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::246                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::247                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::248                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::249                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::250                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::251                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::252                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::253                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::254                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::255                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::256                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::257                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::0                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::1                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::2                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::3                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::4                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::5                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::6                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::7                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::8                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::9                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::10                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::11                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::12                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::13                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::14                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::15                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::16                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::17                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::18                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::19                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::20                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::21                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::22                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::23                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::24                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::25                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::26                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::27                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::28                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::29                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::30                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::31                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::32                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::33                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::34                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::35                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::36                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::37                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::38                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::39                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::40                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::41                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::42                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::43                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::44                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::45                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::46                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::47                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::48                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::49                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::50                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::51                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::52                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::53                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::54                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::55                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::56                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::57                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::58                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::59                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::60                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::61                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::62                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::63                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::64                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::65                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::66                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::67                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::68                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::69                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::70                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::71                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::72                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::73                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::74                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::75                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::76                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::77                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::78                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::79                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::80                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::81                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::82                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::83                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::84                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::85                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::86                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::87                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::88                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::89                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::90                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::91                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::92                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::93                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::94                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::95                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::96                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::97                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::98                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::99                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::100                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::101                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::102                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::103                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::104                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::105                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::106                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::107                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::108                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::109                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::110                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::111                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::112                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::113                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::114                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::115                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::116                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::117                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::118                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::119                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::120                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::121                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::122                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::123                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::124                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::125                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::126                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::127                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::128                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::129                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::130                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::131                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::132                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::133                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::134                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::135                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::136                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::137                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::138                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::139                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::140                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::141                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::142                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::143                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::144                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::145                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::146                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::147                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::148                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::149                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::150                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::151                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::152                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::153                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::154                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::155                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::156                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::157                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::158                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::159                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::160                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::161                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::162                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::163                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::164                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::165                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::166                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::167                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::168                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::169                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::170                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::171                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::172                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::173                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::174                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::175                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::176                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::177                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::178                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::179                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::180                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::181                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::182                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::183                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::184                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::185                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::186                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::187                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::188                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::189                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::190                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::191                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::192                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::193                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::194                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::195                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::196                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::197                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::198                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::199                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::200                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::201                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::202                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::203                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::204                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::205                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::206                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::207                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::208                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::209                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::210                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::211                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::212                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::213                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::214                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::215                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::216                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::217                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::218                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::219                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::220                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::221                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::222                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::223                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::224                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::225                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::226                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::227                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::228                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::229                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::230                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::231                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::232                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::233                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::234                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::235                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::236                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::237                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::238                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::239                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::240                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::241                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::242                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::243                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::244                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::245                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::246                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::247                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::248                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::249                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::250                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::251                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::252                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::253                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::254                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::255                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::256                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::257                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::total                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::0                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::1                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::2                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::3                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::4                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::5                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::6                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::7                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::8                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::9                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::10                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::11                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::12                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::13                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::14                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::15                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::16                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::17                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::18                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::19                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::20                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::21                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::22                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::23                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::24                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::25                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::26                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::27                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::28                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::29                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::30                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::31                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::32                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::33                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::34                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::35                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::36                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::37                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::38                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::39                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::40                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::41                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::42                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::43                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::44                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::45                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::46                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::47                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::48                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::49                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::50                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::51                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::52                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::53                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::54                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::55                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::56                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::57                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::58                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::59                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::60                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::61                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::62                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::63                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::64                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::65                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::66                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::67                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::68                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::69                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::70                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::71                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::72                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::73                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::74                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::75                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::76                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::77                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::78                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::79                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::80                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::81                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::82                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::83                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::84                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::85                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::86                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::87                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::88                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::89                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::90                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::91                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::92                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::93                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::94                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::95                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::96                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::97                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::98                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::99                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::100                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::101                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::102                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::103                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::104                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::105                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::106                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::107                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::108                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::109                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::110                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::111                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::112                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::113                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::114                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::115                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::116                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::117                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::118                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::119                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::120                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::121                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::122                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::123                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::124                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::125                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::126                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::127                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::128                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::129                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::130                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::131                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::132                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::133                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::134                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::135                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::136                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::137                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::138                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::139                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::140                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::141                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::142                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::143                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::144                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::145                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::146                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::147                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::148                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::149                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::150                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::151                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::152                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::153                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::154                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::155                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::156                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::157                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::158                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::159                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::160                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::161                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::162                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::163                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::164                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::165                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::166                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::167                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::168                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::169                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::170                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::171                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::172                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::173                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::174                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::175                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::176                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::177                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::178                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::179                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::180                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::181                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::182                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::183                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::184                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::185                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::186                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::187                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::188                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::189                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::190                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::191                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::192                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::193                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::194                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::195                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::196                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::197                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::198                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::199                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::200                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::201                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::202                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::203                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::204                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::205                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::206                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::207                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::208                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::209                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::210                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::211                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::212                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::213                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::214                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::215                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::216                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::217                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::218                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::219                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::220                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::221                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::222                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::223                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::224                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::225                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::226                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::227                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::228                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::229                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::230                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::231                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::232                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::233                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::234                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::235                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::236                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::237                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::238                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::239                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::240                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::241                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::242                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::243                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::244                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::245                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::246                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::247                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::248                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::249                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::250                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::251                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::252                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::253                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::254                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::255                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::256                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::257                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::total                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::0                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::1                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::2                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::3                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::4                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::5                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::6                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::7                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::8                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::9                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::10                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::11                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::12                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::13                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::14                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::15                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::16                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::17                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::18                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::19                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::20                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::21                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::22                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::23                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::24                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::25                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::26                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::27                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::28                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::29                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::30                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::31                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::32                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::33                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::34                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::35                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::36                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::37                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::38                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::39                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::40                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::41                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::42                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::43                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::44                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::45                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::46                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::47                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::48                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::49                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::50                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::51                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::52                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::53                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::54                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::55                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::56                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::57                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::58                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::59                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::60                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::61                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::62                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::63                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::64                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::65                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::66                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::67                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::68                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::69                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::70                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::71                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::72                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::73                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::74                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::75                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::76                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::77                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::78                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::79                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::80                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::81                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::82                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::83                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::84                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::85                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::86                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::87                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::88                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::89                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::90                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::91                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::92                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::93                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::94                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::95                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::96                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::97                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::98                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::99                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::100                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::101                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::102                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::103                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::104                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::105                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::106                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::107                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::108                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::109                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::110                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::111                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::112                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::113                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::114                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::115                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::116                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::117                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::118                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::119                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::120                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::121                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::122                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::123                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::124                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::125                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::126                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::127                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::128                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::129                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::130                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::131                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::132                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::133                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::134                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::135                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::136                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::137                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::138                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::139                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::140                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::141                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::142                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::143                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::144                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::145                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::146                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::147                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::148                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::149                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::150                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::151                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::152                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::153                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::154                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::155                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::156                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::157                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::158                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::159                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::160                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::161                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::162                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::163                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::164                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::165                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::166                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::167                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::168                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::169                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::170                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::171                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::172                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::173                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::174                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::175                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::176                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::177                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::178                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::179                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::180                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::181                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::182                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::183                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::184                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::185                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::186                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::187                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::188                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::189                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::190                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::191                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::192                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::193                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::194                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::195                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::196                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::197                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::198                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::199                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::200                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::201                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::202                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::203                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::204                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::205                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::206                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::207                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::208                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::209                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::210                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::211                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::212                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::213                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::214                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::215                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::216                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::217                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::218                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::219                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::220                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::221                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::222                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::223                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::224                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::225                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::226                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::227                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::228                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::229                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::230                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::231                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::232                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::233                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::234                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::235                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::236                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::237                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::238                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::239                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::240                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::241                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::242                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::243                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::244                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::245                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::246                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::247                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::248                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::249                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::250                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::251                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::252                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::253                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::254                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::255                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::256                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::257                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::total                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::0                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::1                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::2                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::3                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::4                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::5                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::6                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::7                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::8                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::9                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::10                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::11                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::12                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::13                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::14                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::15                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::16                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::17                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::18                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::19                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::20                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::21                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::22                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::23                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::24                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::25                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::26                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::27                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::28                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::29                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::30                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::31                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::32                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::33                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::34                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::35                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::36                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::37                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::38                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::39                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::40                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::41                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::42                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::43                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::44                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::45                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::46                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::47                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::48                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::49                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::50                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::51                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::52                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::53                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::54                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::55                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::56                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::57                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::58                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::59                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::60                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::61                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::62                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::63                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::64                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::65                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::66                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::67                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::68                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::69                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::70                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::71                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::72                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::73                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::74                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::75                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::76                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::77                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::78                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::79                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::80                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::81                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::82                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::83                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::84                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::85                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::86                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::87                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::88                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::89                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::90                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::91                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::92                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::93                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::94                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::95                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::96                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::97                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::98                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::99                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::100                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::101                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::102                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::103                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::104                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::105                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::106                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::107                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::108                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::109                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::110                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::111                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::112                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::113                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::114                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::115                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::116                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::117                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::118                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::119                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::120                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::121                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::122                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::123                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::124                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::125                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::126                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::127                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::128                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::129                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::130                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::131                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::132                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::133                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::134                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::135                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::136                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::137                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::138                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::139                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::140                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::141                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::142                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::143                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::144                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::145                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::146                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::147                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::148                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::149                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::150                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::151                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::152                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::153                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::154                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::155                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::156                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::157                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::158                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::159                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::160                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::161                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::162                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::163                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::164                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::165                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::166                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::167                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::168                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::169                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::170                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::171                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::172                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::173                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::174                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::175                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::176                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::177                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::178                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::179                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::180                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::181                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::182                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::183                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::184                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::185                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::186                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::187                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::188                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::189                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::190                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::191                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::192                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::193                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::194                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::195                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::196                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::197                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::198                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::199                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::200                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::201                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::202                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::203                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::204                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::205                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::206                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::207                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::208                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::209                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::210                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::211                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::212                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::213                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::214                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::215                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::216                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::217                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::218                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::219                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::220                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::221                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::222                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::223                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::224                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::225                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::226                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::227                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::228                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::229                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::230                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::231                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::232                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::233                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::234                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::235                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::236                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::237                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::238                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::239                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::240                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::241                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::242                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::243                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::244                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::245                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::246                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::247                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::248                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::249                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::250                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::251                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::252                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::253                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::254                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::255                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::256                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::257                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::total                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::0                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::1                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::2                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::3                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::4                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::5                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::6                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::7                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::8                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::0                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::1                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::2                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::3                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::4                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::5                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::6                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::7                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::8                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::total                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::0             785688415                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::1             170804285                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::2             170505721                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::3             219298155                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::total        1346296576                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::0         453778441                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::1         101444048                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::2         100170416                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::3         690903671                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::total    1346296576                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.tagsinuse              3883.734067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_refs                 3721197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.sampled_refs               2730099                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_refs                  1.363026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  3086.885744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.005467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.008995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     2.734939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   778.039482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.062824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data    15.996615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.753634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.189951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.003905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::total        0.948177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3924                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958008                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.tag_accesses              77363011                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2.tags.data_accesses             77363011                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332578007304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2619756                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2619756                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7925                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         7925                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3526                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          682                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             4208                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          174                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            199                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6313                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          477                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              6790                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         4944                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          872                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           5816                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1478060                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       290231                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       1768291                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         4944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1484373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       290708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::total              1780897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         4944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1484373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       290708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::total             1780897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2097966                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       419712                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total         2517678                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          463                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2597                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       168507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        35118                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       203629                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2266473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       454830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::total            2723904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2266473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       454830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::total           2723904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49642100208                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  13184318151                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  62826418359                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       269397                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     88852725                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     18211104                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    107333226                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       376290                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3789991548                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data    805830696                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   4596198534                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       269397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       376290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     88852725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53432091756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     18211104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  13990148847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::total  67529950119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       269397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       376290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     88852725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53432091756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     18211104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  13990148847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::total  67529950119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2619756                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2619756                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7925                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7925                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3526                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          682                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4208                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          174                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2104279                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       420189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       2524468                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1335                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8413                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1646567                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       325349                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1971920                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3750846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       745538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::total          4504801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3750846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       745538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::total         4504801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.998865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997310                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.301201                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.346816                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.308689                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102338                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.107939                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.103264                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.301201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.604256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.346816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.610070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::total        0.604667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.301201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.604256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.346816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.610070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::total       0.604667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23662.013688                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 31412.773881                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24954.111828                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        89799                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 41695.319099                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 39332.838013                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41329.698113                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 94072.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22491.597073                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 22946.372117                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22571.434000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        89799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 94072.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 41695.319099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23574.995932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 39332.838013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 30759.072284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24791.604300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        89799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 94072.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 41695.319099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23574.995932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 39332.838013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 30759.072284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24791.604300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::writebacks          2552279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::total               2552279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        32834                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        32834                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2097966                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       419712                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total      2517678                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          463                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2597                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       168507                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        35118                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       203629                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2266473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       454830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       2723904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2266473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       454830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total      2723904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35669646648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  10389056211                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46058702859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       249417                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74660265                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     15127524                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90037206                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       349650                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2667734928                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data    571944816                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3240029394                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       249417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       349650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74660265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38337381576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     15127524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  10961001027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  49388769459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       249417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       349650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74660265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38337381576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     15127524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  10961001027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  49388769459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.998865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.301201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.346816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.107939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.301201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.604256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.346816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.610070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.604667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.301201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.604256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.346816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.610070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.604667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17002.013688                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 24752.821485                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18294.119764                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        83139                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35035.319099                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 32672.838013                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34669.698113                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87412.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15831.597073                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 16286.372117                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15911.434000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        83139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87412.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35035.319099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16914.995932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 32672.838013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 24099.116213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18131.611635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        83139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87412.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35035.319099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16914.995932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 32672.838013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 24099.116213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18131.611635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      9013005                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4508204                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        39986                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        39986                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332578007304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1980332                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5172035                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7925                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      2050378                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         4208                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          199                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4407                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      2524468                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      2524465                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         8413                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1971920                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side        24751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side     13497458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          13522209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side      1045632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side    455432960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          456478592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoops                     2726541                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             163345856                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples      7235749                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.005526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.074133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            7195763     99.45%     99.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1              39986      0.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        7235749                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4751366211                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       8408571                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    4493355479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332578007304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                     71351                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::0                     4.895495                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::1                     4.459024                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::2                     4.678308                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::3                     3.300175                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::4                     2.424979                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::5                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::6                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::7                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::8                     2.783073                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::9                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::10                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::11                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::12                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::13                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::14                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::15                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::16                    4.687919                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::17                    4.753530                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::18                    4.362007                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::19                    4.437193                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::20                    3.554344                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::21                    0.320775                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::22                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::23                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::24                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::25                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::26                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::27                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::28                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::29                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::30                    1.544615                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::31                    1.926148                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::32                    4.669872                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::33                    4.526022                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::34                    4.409399                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::35                    4.541660                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::36                    4.264331                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::37                    4.166498                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::38                    3.015338                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::39                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::40                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::41                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::42                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::43                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::44                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::45                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::46                    1.989629                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::47                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::48                    4.712721                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::49                    4.729020                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::50                    4.524479                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::51                    4.288890                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::52                    4.169467                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::53                    3.630428                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::54                    1.965288                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::55                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::56                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::57                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::58                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::59                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::60                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::61                    1.733145                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::62                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::63                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::64                    4.559035                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::65                    4.437284                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::66                    4.347851                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::67                    4.276353                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::68                    4.422964                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::69                    4.044690                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::70                    3.741484                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::71                    4.142398                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::72                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::73                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::74                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::75                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::76                    1.454244                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::77                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::78                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::79                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::80                    4.596267                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::81                    4.542270                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::82                    4.413529                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::83                    4.364511                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::84                    4.233457                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::85                    3.648492                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::86                    2.966562                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::87                    1.668130                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::88                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::89                    0.194557                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::90                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::91                    1.899971                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::92                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::93                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::94                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::95                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::96                    4.557295                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::97                    4.404677                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::98                    4.282907                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::99                    4.356667                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::100                   4.042166                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::101                   2.690231                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::102                   3.968120                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::103                   1.581247                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::104                   3.013190                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::105                   0.369463                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::106                   1.582669                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::107                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::108                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::109                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::110                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::111                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::112                   4.386354                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::113                   4.536496                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::114                   4.167017                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::115                   4.204853                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::116                   4.124499                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::117                   2.418000                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::118                   3.760990                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::119                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::120                   1.830937                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::121                   2.758587                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::122                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::123                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::124                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::125                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::126                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::127                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::128                   4.460138                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::129                   4.236660                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::130                   4.462796                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::131                   4.367308                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::132                   3.837083                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::133                   1.718278                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::134                   0.114483                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::135                   1.828075                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::136                   2.310743                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::137                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::138                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::139                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::140                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::141                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::142                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::143                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::144                   4.207082                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::145                   4.229254                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::146                   3.529014                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::147                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::148                   3.425115                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::149                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::150                   2.872306                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::151                   2.033664                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::152                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::153                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::154                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::155                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::156                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::157                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::158                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::159                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::160                   4.124677                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::161                   3.556619                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::162                   2.740896                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::163                   2.018652                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::164                   2.374170                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::165                   3.053517                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::166                   2.093347                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::167                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::168                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::169                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::170                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::171                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::172                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::173                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::174                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::175                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::176                   3.971305                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::177                   3.024579                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::178                   2.760794                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::179                   1.979610                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::180                   2.723880                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::181                   2.301888                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::182                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::183                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::184                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::185                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::186                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::187                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::188                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::189                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::190                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::191                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::192                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::193                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::194                   2.215535                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::195                   3.676535                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::196                   2.056673                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::197                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::198                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::199                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::200                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::201                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::202                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::203                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::204                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::205                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::206                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::207                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::208                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::209                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::210                   3.824575                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::211                   1.973034                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::212                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::213                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::214                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::215                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::216                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::217                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::218                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::219                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::220                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::221                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::222                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::223                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::224                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::225                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::226                   1.989632                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::227                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::228                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::229                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::230                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::231                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::232                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::233                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::234                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::235                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::236                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::237                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::238                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::239                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::240                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::241                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::242                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::243                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::244                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::245                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::246                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::247                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::248                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::249                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::250                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::251                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::252                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::253                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::254                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::255                 168.660540                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::256                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::257                 168.652091                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::0                     1.185014                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::1                     1.194164                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::2                     0.985681                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::3                     0.656043                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::4                     0.678770                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::5                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::6                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::7                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::8                     0.873121                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::9                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::10                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::11                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::12                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::13                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::14                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::15                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::16                    1.214334                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::17                    1.141413                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::18                    1.026785                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::19                    0.964404                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::20                    0.960476                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::21                    0.069943                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::22                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::23                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::24                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::25                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::26                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::27                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::28                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::29                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::30                    1.100949                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::31                    1.973427                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::32                    1.160929                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::33                    1.204766                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::34                    1.102413                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::35                    1.070350                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::36                    1.045112                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::37                    0.928046                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::38                    0.428778                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::39                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::40                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::41                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::42                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::43                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::44                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::45                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::46                    1.179744                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::47                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::48                    1.177225                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::49                    1.204973                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::50                    1.165958                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::51                    1.035459                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::52                    1.041904                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::53                    0.841370                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::54                    1.128221                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::55                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::56                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::57                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::58                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::59                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::60                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::61                    1.468282                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::62                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::63                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::64                    1.190620                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::65                    1.212161                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::66                    1.085436                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::67                    1.043271                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::68                    0.981116                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::69                    1.128465                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::70                    1.078713                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::71                    0.850426                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::72                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::73                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::74                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::75                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::76                    1.155910                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::77                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::78                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::79                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::80                    1.184507                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::81                    1.210437                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::82                    1.114171                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::83                    1.019024                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::84                    1.090294                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::85                    1.101611                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::86                    1.302840                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::87                    0.744522                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::88                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::89                    0.192031                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::90                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::91                    1.552416                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::92                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::93                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::94                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::95                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::96                    1.205045                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::97                    1.198345                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::98                    1.112647                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::99                    1.082044                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::100                   0.963075                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::101                   0.978463                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::102                   1.274433                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::103                   0.931015                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::104                   1.353003                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::105                   0.125006                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::106                   1.926727                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::107                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::108                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::109                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::110                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::111                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::112                   1.201546                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::113                   1.115272                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::114                   1.165699                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::115                   1.092542                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::116                   1.184841                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::117                   0.534232                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::118                   0.811762                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::119                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::120                   0.693984                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::121                   0.882017                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::122                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::123                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::124                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::125                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::126                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::127                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::128                   1.346599                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::129                   1.101071                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::130                   1.096210                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::131                   1.093591                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::132                   0.872166                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::133                   1.130968                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::134                   0.056686                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::135                   2.010278                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::136                   1.375713                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::137                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::138                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::139                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::140                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::141                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::142                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::143                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::144                   1.241321                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::145                   0.947083                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::146                   0.883764                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::147                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::148                   1.205218                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::149                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::150                   0.806296                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::151                   1.555167                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::152                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::153                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::154                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::155                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::156                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::157                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::158                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::159                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::160                   0.931015                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::161                   1.296425                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::162                   1.306699                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::163                   1.228297                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::164                   1.402852                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::165                   1.243098                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::166                   1.530845                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::167                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::168                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::169                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::170                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::171                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::172                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::173                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::174                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::175                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::176                   0.719799                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::177                   1.367022                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::178                   1.105759                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::179                   1.360982                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::180                   1.341556                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::181                   1.592144                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::182                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::183                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::184                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::185                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::186                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::187                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::188                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::189                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::190                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::191                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::192                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::193                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::194                   1.834975                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::195                   1.036248                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::196                   1.718060                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::197                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::198                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::199                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::200                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::201                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::202                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::203                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::204                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::205                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::206                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::207                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::208                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::209                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::210                   0.943726                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::211                   1.840233                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::212                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::213                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::214                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::215                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::216                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::217                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::218                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::219                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::220                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::221                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::222                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::223                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::224                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::225                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::226                   1.529319                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::227                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::228                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::229                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::230                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::231                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::232                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::233                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::234                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::235                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::236                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::237                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::238                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::239                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::240                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::241                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::242                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::243                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::244                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::245                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::246                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::247                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::248                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::249                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::250                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::251                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::252                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::253                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::254                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::255                  30.609778                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::256                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::257                  30.611275                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::0                     1.002599                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::1                     0.988670                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::2                     1.019020                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::3                     0.691471                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::4                     0.740038                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::5                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::6                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::7                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::8                     0.545701                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::9                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::10                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::11                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::12                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::13                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::14                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::15                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::16                    1.119066                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::17                    0.973246                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::18                    1.100966                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::19                    1.070365                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::20                    1.234313                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::21                    0.161593                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::22                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::23                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::24                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::25                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::26                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::27                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::28                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::29                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::30                    1.347430                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::31                    1.363437                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::32                    1.084141                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::33                    1.081115                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::34                    1.026676                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::35                    1.175911                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::36                    1.163261                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::37                    1.106738                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::38                    0.488732                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::39                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::40                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::41                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::42                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::43                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::44                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::45                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::46                    1.123261                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::47                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::48                    1.150633                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::49                    1.191434                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::50                    1.195958                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::51                    1.131615                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::52                    1.174702                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::53                    1.035733                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::54                    1.219206                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::55                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::56                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::57                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::58                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::59                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::60                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::61                    0.945672                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::62                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::63                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::64                    1.171590                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::65                    1.178032                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::66                    1.211648                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::67                    1.267834                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::68                    1.126575                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::69                    1.442346                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::70                    1.017517                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::71                    1.234490                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::72                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::73                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::74                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::75                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::76                    0.911081                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::77                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::78                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::79                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::80                    1.246073                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::81                    1.261101                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::82                    1.181785                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::83                    1.185439                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::84                    1.265843                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::85                    1.249989                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::86                    1.837286                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::87                    1.103375                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::88                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::89                    0.212244                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::90                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::91                    1.158519                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::92                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::93                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::94                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::95                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::96                    1.265602                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::97                    1.231477                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::98                    1.259176                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::99                    1.386455                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::100                   1.104224                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::101                   1.149282                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::102                   1.477183                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::103                   1.064017                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::104                   0.982328                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::105                   0.152785                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::106                   1.146861                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::107                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::108                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::109                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::110                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::111                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::112                   1.231086                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::113                   1.291923                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::114                   1.427414                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::115                   1.384638                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::116                   1.120798                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::117                   0.889882                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::118                   1.038892                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::119                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::120                   0.797344                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::121                   1.769007                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::122                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::123                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::124                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::125                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::126                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::127                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::128                   1.318075                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::129                   1.245351                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::130                   1.509853                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::131                   1.182410                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::132                   0.765864                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::133                   0.808164                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::134                   0.084473                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::135                   1.199098                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::136                   1.195018                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::137                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::138                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::139                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::140                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::141                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::142                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::143                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::144                   1.212485                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::145                   1.427165                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::146                   1.258318                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::147                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::148                   1.377359                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::149                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::150                   0.994619                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::151                   1.134010                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::152                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::153                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::154                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::155                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::156                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::157                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::158                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::159                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::160                   1.752784                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::161                   1.178981                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::162                   1.480513                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::163                   1.397790                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::164                   1.695289                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::165                   1.194523                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::166                   1.139360                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::167                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::168                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::169                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::170                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::171                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::172                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::173                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::174                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::175                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::176                   1.067288                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::177                   0.911085                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::178                   1.324522                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::179                   0.969184                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::180                   1.245803                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::181                   1.252278                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::182                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::183                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::184                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::185                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::186                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::187                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::188                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::189                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::190                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::191                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::192                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::193                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::194                   1.055045                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::195                   1.255280                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::196                   1.121375                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::197                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::198                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::199                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::200                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::201                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::202                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::203                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::204                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::205                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::206                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::207                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::208                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::209                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::210                   1.092736                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::211                   1.091170                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::212                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::213                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::214                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::215                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::216                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::217                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::218                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::219                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::220                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::221                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::222                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::223                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::224                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::225                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::226                   1.138995                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::227                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::228                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::229                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::230                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::231                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::232                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::233                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::234                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::235                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::236                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::237                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::238                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::239                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::240                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::241                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::242                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::243                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::244                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::245                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::246                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::247                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::248                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::249                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::250                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::251                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::252                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::253                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::254                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::255                  28.558069                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::256                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::257                  28.563200                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::0                     1.204812                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::1                     1.107985                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::2                     1.187500                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::3                     0.715009                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::4                     0.499917                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::5                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::6                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::7                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::8                     0.454750                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::9                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::10                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::11                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::12                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::13                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::14                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::15                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::16                    1.209545                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::17                    1.192122                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::18                    1.006404                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::19                    1.176225                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::20                    0.968685                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::21                    0.065120                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::22                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::23                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::24                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::25                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::26                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::27                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::28                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::29                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::30                    0.213617                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::31                    1.113546                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::32                    1.162931                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::33                    1.069938                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::34                    1.074304                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::35                    1.084093                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::36                    0.920718                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::37                    0.811656                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::38                    0.588878                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::39                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::40                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::41                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::42                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::43                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::44                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::45                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::46                    0.941943                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::47                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::48                    1.189529                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::49                    1.105057                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::50                    0.992820                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::51                    0.917027                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::52                    0.823251                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::53                    0.673096                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::54                    0.345745                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::55                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::56                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::57                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::58                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::59                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::60                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::61                    1.087330                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::62                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::63                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::64                    1.154379                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::65                    1.038456                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::66                    0.972918                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::67                    0.921382                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::68                    0.701078                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::69                    0.802276                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::70                    0.721899                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::71                    0.795560                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::72                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::73                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::74                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::75                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::76                    0.722693                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::77                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::78                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::79                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::80                    1.051780                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::81                    1.060007                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::82                    0.950602                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::83                    0.765368                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::84                    0.756899                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::85                    0.652818                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::86                    0.569272                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::87                    0.298705                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::88                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::89                    0.048008                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::90                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::91                    1.320712                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::92                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::93                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::94                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::95                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::96                    1.051063                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::97                    0.993813                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::98                    0.838525                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::99                    0.788012                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::100                   0.769549                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::101                   0.543434                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::102                   0.695145                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::103                   0.206892                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::104                   0.626379                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::105                   0.063892                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::106                   1.215673                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::107                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::108                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::109                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::110                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::111                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::112                   1.043492                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::113                   0.914192                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::114                   0.753837                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::115                   0.688938                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::116                   0.727471                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::117                   0.364733                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::118                   0.743296                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::119                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::120                   0.457734                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::121                   0.516908                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::122                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::123                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::124                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::125                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::126                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::127                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::128                   0.942398                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::129                   0.817407                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::130                   0.794773                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::131                   0.737493                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::132                   0.562244                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::133                   0.525226                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::134                   0.028899                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::135                   1.001720                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::136                   1.082031                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::137                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::138                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::139                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::140                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::141                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::142                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::143                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::144                   0.756546                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::145                   0.792892                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::146                   0.685126                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::147                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::148                   0.348982                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::149                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::150                   0.610607                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::151                   1.246101                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::152                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::153                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::154                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::155                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::156                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::157                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::158                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::159                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::160                   0.702493                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::161                   0.670354                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::162                   0.512688                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::163                   0.633646                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::164                   0.569630                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::165                   0.864759                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::166                   1.210693                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::167                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::168                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::169                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::170                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::171                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::172                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::173                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::174                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::175                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::176                   0.595696                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::177                   0.656641                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::178                   0.849377                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::179                   0.969184                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::180                   1.046009                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::181                   1.230707                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::182                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::183                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::184                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::185                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::186                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::187                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::188                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::189                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::190                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::191                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::192                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::193                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::194                   1.270725                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::195                   0.387236                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::196                   1.067718                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::197                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::198                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::199                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::200                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::201                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::202                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::203                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::204                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::205                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::206                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::207                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::208                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::209                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::210                   0.496698                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::211                   1.026158                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::212                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::213                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::214                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::215                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::216                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::217                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::218                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::219                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::220                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::221                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::222                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::223                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::224                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::225                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::226                   1.258878                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::227                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::228                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::229                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::230                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::231                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::232                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::233                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::234                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::235                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::236                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::237                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::238                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::239                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::240                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::241                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::242                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::243                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::244                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::245                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::246                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::247                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::248                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::249                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::250                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::251                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::252                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::253                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::254                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::255                  28.171593                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::256                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::257                  28.173414                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::0                     550571                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::1                      92019                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::2                      15711                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::3                       1131                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::4                        292                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::5                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::6                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::7                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::8                        153                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::9                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::10                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::11                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::12                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::13                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::14                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::15                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::16                   1423043                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::17                    306617                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::18                     48232                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::19                      8638                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::20                       855                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::21                       133                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::22                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::23                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::24                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::25                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::26                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::27                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::28                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::29                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::30                        94                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::31                       895                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::32                   1892072                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::33                    526237                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::34                    108733                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::35                     25606                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::36                      5430                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::37                      1222                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::38                       355                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::39                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::40                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::41                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::42                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::43                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::44                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::45                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::46                       179                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::47                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::48                   1646231                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::49                    580244                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::50                    134302                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::51                     34725                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::52                      7251                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::53                      1504                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::54                       108                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::55                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::56                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::57                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::58                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::59                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::60                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::61                       358                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::62                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::63                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::64                   1025796                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::65                    420624                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::66                    111862                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::67                     32598                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::68                      7178                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::69                      3338                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::70                      1214                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::71                       151                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::72                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::73                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::74                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::75                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::76                       304                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::77                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::78                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::79                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::80                    537699                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::81                    237099                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::82                     70951                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::83                     27631                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::84                      6829                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::85                      1773                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::86                       508                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::87                       218                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::88                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::89                        77                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::90                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::91                        82                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::92                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::93                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::94                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::95                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::96                    213851                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::97                    112404                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::98                     31001                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::99                     14000                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::100                     3545                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::101                      542                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::102                      137                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::103                      107                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::104                      304                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::105                      133                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::106                       69                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::107                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::108                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::109                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::110                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::111                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::112                    70714                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::113                    44864                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::114                    14308                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::115                     4084                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::116                     2075                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::117                      535                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::118                      295                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::119                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::120                      124                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::121                      344                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::122                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::123                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::124                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::125                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::126                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::127                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::128                    23126                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::129                     9695                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::130                     4794                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::131                     1373                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::132                     1171                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::133                      238                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::134                      103                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::135                      372                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::136                     1471                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::137                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::138                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::139                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::140                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::141                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::142                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::143                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::144                     6251                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::145                     3572                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::146                     1159                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::147                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::148                      446                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::149                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::150                      468                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::151                     1978                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::152                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::153                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::154                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::155                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::156                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::157                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::158                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::159                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::160                      982                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::161                      985                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::162                      966                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::163                      228                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::164                      644                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::165                     1087                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::166                     3342                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::167                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::168                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::169                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::170                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::171                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::172                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::173                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::174                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::175                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::176                      160                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::177                      221                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::178                      400                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::179                       96                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::180                     1200                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::181                     3385                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::182                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::183                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::184                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::185                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::186                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::187                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::188                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::189                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::190                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::191                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::192                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::193                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::194                      312                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::195                      681                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::196                     2868                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::197                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::198                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::199                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::200                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::201                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::202                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::203                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::204                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::205                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::206                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::207                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::208                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::209                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::210                      154                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::211                     1036                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::212                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::213                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::214                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::215                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::216                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::217                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::218                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::219                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::220                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::221                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::222                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::223                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::224                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::225                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::226                      682                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::227                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::228                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::229                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::230                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::231                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::232                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::233                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::234                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::235                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::236                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::237                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::238                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::239                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::240                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::241                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::242                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::243                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::244                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::245                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::246                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::247                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::248                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::249                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::250                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::251                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::252                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::253                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::254                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::255                428313537                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::256                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::257                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::total              438801492                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::0                     132545                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::1                      21979                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::2                       3844                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::3                        238                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::4                         75                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::5                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::6                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::7                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::8                         48                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::9                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::10                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::11                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::12                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::13                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::14                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::15                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::16                    344194                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::17                     75276                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::18                     12111                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::19                      2143                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::20                       217                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::21                        29                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::22                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::23                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::24                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::25                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::26                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::27                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::28                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::29                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::30                        67                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::31                       675                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::32                    468272                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::33                    132220                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::34                     27773                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::35                      6358                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::36                      1381                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::37                       283                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::38                        42                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::39                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::40                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::41                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::42                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::43                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::44                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::45                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::46                       131                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::47                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::48                    417271                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::49                    148604                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::50                     33621                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::51                      8573                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::52                      1711                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::53                       355                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::54                        62                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::55                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::56                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::57                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::58                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::59                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::60                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::61                       273                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::62                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::63                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::64                    265879                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::65                    108748                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::66                     27810                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::67                      7971                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::68                      1808                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::69                       862                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::70                       389                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::71                        31                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::72                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::73                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::74                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::75                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::76                       190                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::77                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::78                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::79                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::80                    140593                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::81                     61435                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::82                     18127                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::83                      6878                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::84                      1803                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::85                       538                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::86                       180                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::87                        96                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::88                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::89                        76                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::90                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::91                        67                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::92                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::93                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::94                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::95                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::96                     56833                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::97                     29278                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::98                      8083                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::99                      3529                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::100                      890                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::101                      167                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::102                       44                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::103                       63                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::104                      242                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::105                       45                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::106                       84                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::107                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::108                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::109                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::110                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::111                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::112                    19077                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::113                    11990                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::114                     3899                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::115                     1100                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::116                      527                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::117                      147                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::118                       72                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::119                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::120                       47                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::121                      131                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::122                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::123                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::124                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::125                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::126                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::127                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::128                     6534                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::129                     2671                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::130                     1192                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::131                      338                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::132                      334                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::133                      120                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::134                       51                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::135                      276                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::136                      777                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::137                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::138                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::139                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::140                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::141                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::142                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::143                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::144                     1823                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::145                      994                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::146                      304                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::147                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::148                      268                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::149                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::150                      199                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::151                     1202                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::152                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::153                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::154                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::155                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::156                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::157                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::158                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::159                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::160                      258                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::161                      301                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::162                      279                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::163                       95                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::164                      332                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::165                      325                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::166                     2260                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::167                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::168                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::169                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::170                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::171                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::172                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::173                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::174                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::175                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::176                       29                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::177                      123                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::178                      117                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::179                       66                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::180                      423                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::181                     2572                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::182                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::183                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::184                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::185                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::186                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::187                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::188                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::189                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::190                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::191                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::192                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::193                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::194                      186                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::195                      249                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::196                     1908                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::197                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::198                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::199                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::200                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::201                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::202                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::203                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::204                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::205                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::206                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::207                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::208                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::209                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::210                       38                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::211                      888                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::212                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::213                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::214                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::215                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::216                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::217                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::218                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::219                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::220                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::221                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::222                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::223                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::224                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::225                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::226                      558                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::227                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::228                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::229                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::230                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::231                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::232                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::233                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::234                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::235                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::236                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::237                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::238                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::239                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::240                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::241                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::242                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::243                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::244                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::245                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::246                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::247                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::248                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::249                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::250                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::251                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::252                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::253                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::254                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::255                 81193636                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::256                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::257                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::total               83841826                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::0                     119555                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::1                      20208                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::2                       3683                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::3                        203                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::4                         88                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::5                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::6                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::7                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::8                         30                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::9                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::10                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::11                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::12                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::13                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::14                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::15                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::16                    317164                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::17                     69861                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::18                     11471                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::19                      2126                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::20                       241                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::21                        67                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::22                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::23                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::24                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::25                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::26                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::27                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::28                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::29                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::30                        82                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::31                       584                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::32                    438362                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::33                    126406                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::34                     26911                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::35                      6765                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::36                      1508                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::37                       310                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::38                        53                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::39                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::40                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::41                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::42                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::43                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::44                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::45                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::46                       103                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::47                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::48                    400482                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::49                    144759                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::50                     34022                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::51                      9206                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::52                      2084                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::53                       420                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::54                        67                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::55                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::56                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::57                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::58                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::59                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::60                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::61                       201                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::62                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::63                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::64                    262522                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::65                    110238                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::66                     30019                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::67                      8884                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::68                      1883                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::69                      1051                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::70                       473                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::71                        45                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::72                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::73                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::74                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::75                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::76                       157                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::77                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::78                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::79                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::80                    144835                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::81                     64747                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::82                     19492                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::83                      8045                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::84                      1917                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::85                       660                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::86                       260                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::87                       153                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::88                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::89                        84                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::90                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::91                        50                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::92                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::93                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::94                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::95                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::96                     60654                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::97                     31762                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::98                      9105                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::99                      4146                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::100                     1094                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::101                      205                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::102                       51                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::103                       72                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::104                      109                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::105                       55                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::106                       50                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::107                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::108                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::109                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::110                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::111                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::112                    20764                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::113                    13630                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::114                     4368                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::115                     1259                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::116                      594                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::117                      254                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::118                       87                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::119                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::120                       54                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::121                      213                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::122                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::123                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::124                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::125                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::126                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::127                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::128                     7111                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::129                     2905                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::130                     1583                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::131                      362                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::132                      329                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::133                       93                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::134                       76                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::135                      250                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::136                      626                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::137                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::138                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::139                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::140                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::141                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::142                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::143                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::144                     1984                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::145                     1165                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::146                      392                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::147                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::148                      196                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::149                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::150                      227                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::151                     1098                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::152                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::153                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::154                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::155                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::156                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::157                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::158                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::159                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::160                      393                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::161                      339                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::162                      387                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::163                      129                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::164                      418                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::165                      399                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::166                     1847                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::167                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::168                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::169                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::170                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::171                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::172                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::173                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::174                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::175                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::176                       43                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::177                       87                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::178                      172                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::179                       47                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::180                      406                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::181                     1853                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::182                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::183                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::184                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::185                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::186                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::187                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::188                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::189                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::190                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::191                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::192                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::193                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::194                      151                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::195                      222                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::196                     1520                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::197                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::198                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::199                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::200                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::201                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::202                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::203                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::204                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::205                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::206                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::207                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::208                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::209                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::210                       44                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::211                      585                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::212                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::213                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::214                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::215                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::216                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::217                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::218                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::219                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::220                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::221                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::222                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::223                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::224                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::225                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::226                      441                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::227                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::228                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::229                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::230                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::231                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::232                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::233                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::234                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::235                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::236                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::237                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::238                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::239                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::240                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::241                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::242                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::243                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::244                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::245                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::246                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::247                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::248                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::249                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::250                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::251                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::252                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::253                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::254                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::255                 75983137                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::256                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::257                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::total               78552080                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::0                     140433                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::1                      22978                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::2                       3898                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::3                        220                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::4                         57                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::5                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::6                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::7                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::8                         25                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::9                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::10                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::11                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::12                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::13                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::14                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::15                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::16                    362959                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::17                     76374                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::18                     11130                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::19                      1941                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::20                       223                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::21                        27                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::22                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::23                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::24                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::25                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::26                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::27                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::28                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::29                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::30                        13                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::31                       406                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::32                    480142                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::33                    129569                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::34                     24999                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::35                      5815                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::36                      1153                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::37                       233                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::38                        62                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::39                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::40                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::41                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::42                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::43                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::44                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::45                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::46                        99                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::47                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::48                    409872                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::49                    137849                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::50                     30247                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::51                      7400                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::52                      1498                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::53                       281                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::54                        19                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::55                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::56                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::57                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::58                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::59                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::60                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::61                       192                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::62                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::63                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::64                    249835                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::65                     96902                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::66                     23845                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::67                      6867                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::68                      1419                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::69                       637                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::70                       228                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::71                        29                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::72                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::73                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::74                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::75                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::76                       117                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::77                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::78                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::79                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::80                    125865                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::81                     52463                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::82                     15078                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::83                      5574                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::84                      1227                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::85                       357                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::86                        76                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::87                        45                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::88                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::89                        19                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::90                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::91                        57                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::92                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::93                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::94                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::95                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::96                     48310                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::97                     23676                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::98                      6339                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::99                      2645                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::100                      615                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::101                      110                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::102                       24                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::103                       14                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::104                      113                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::105                       23                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::106                       53                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::107                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::108                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::109                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::110                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::111                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::112                    15397                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::113                     9388                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::114                     2769                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::115                      725                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::116                      388                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::117                       88                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::118                       58                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::119                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::120                       31                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::121                       80                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::122                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::123                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::124                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::125                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::126                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::127                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::128                     4957                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::129                     1881                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::130                      879                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::131                      231                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::132                      214                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::133                       61                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::134                       26                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::135                      126                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::136                      454                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::137                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::138                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::139                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::140                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::141                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::142                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::143                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::144                     1206                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::145                      669                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::146                      193                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::147                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::148                      114                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::149                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::150                      130                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::151                      842                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::152                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::153                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::154                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::155                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::156                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::157                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::158                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::159                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::160                      159                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::161                      167                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::162                      160                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::163                       60                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::164                      142                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::165                      237                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::166                     1511                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::167                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::168                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::169                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::170                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::171                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::172                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::173                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::174                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::175                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::176                       24                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::177                       81                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::178                       79                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::179                       47                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::180                      275                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::181                     1662                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::182                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::183                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::184                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::185                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::186                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::187                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::188                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::189                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::190                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::191                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::192                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::193                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::194                      119                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::195                      128                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::196                     1384                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::197                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::198                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::199                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::200                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::201                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::202                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::203                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::204                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::205                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::206                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::207                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::208                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::209                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::210                       20                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::211                      563                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::212                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::213                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::214                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::215                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::216                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::217                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::218                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::219                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::220                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::221                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::222                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::223                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::224                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::225                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::226                      367                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::227                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::228                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::229                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::230                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::231                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::232                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::233                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::234                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::235                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::236                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::237                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::238                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::239                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::240                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::241                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::242                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::243                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::244                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::245                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::246                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::247                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::248                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::249                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::250                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::251                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::252                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::253                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::254                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::255                 74966138                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::256                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::257                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::total               77526906                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::0                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::1                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::2                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::3                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::4                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::5                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::6                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::7                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::8                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::0                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::1                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::2                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::3                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::4                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::5                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::6                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::7                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::8                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::total                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::0                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::1                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::2                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::3                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::4                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::total                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::0                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::1                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::2                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::3                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::total                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 35911.822247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     2691873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                    133584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                     20.151163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    33785.102929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          2.028085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   470.227251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1645.707463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     1.553796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data     4.202723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.515520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.007175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.025112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.547971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         62233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1634                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        19745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        37876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949600                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                 176832315                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                176832315                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332578007304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2552279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2552279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2024098                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       360406                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               2384504                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1616                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       165908                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          379                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        34554                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            202457                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          1616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       2190006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       394960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  2586961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1616                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2190006                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          379                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       394960                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 2586961                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        73868                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        59303                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              133171                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data          564                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            3769                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        76467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           84                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        59867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                 136940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        76467                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           84                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        59867                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                136940                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6145430418                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   4792784085                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   10938214503                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       227439                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       320346                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47747871                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    273058002                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      9080577                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data     72717876                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    403152111                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst        227439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data        320346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47747871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6418488420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      9080577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   4865501961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      11341366614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       227439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       320346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47747871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6418488420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      9080577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   4865501961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     11341366614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2552279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2552279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2097966                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       419709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2517675                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       168507                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          463                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data        35118                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        206226                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2266473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       454827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              2723901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2266473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       454827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             2723901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035209                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.141296                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.052894                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.241671                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015424                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.181425                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.016060                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018276                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.241671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.181425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.131626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.050273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.241671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.181425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.131626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.050273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83194.758461                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 80818.577222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82136.610095                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        75813                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80086.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92714.312621                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105062.717199                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 108102.107143                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 128932.404255                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106965.272221                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        75813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80086.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92714.312621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83938.017969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 108102.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 81271.851955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82819.969432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        75813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80086.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92714.312621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83938.017969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 108102.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 81271.851955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82819.969432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks                70864                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                     70864                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          308                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           308                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        59303                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         133171                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2599                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data          564                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3769                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        59867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            136940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data             4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           84                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        59867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           136940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5641216383                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   4387986695                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10029203078                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       206856                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       293475                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44230472                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255322851                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      8506734                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data     68866191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    377426579                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       206856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       293475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44230472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5896539234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      8506734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   4456852886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10406629657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       206856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       293475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44230472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5896539234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      8506734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   4456852886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10406629657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.141296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.241671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.181425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.016060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.241671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.181425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.131626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.050273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.241671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.181425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.131626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.050273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76368.879393                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 73992.659646                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75310.713879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        68952                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73368.750000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85884.411650                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98238.880723                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 101270.642857                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 122103.175532                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100139.713187                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        68952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73368.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85884.411650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77112.208325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 101270.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 74445.903185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75994.082496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        68952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73368.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85884.411650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77112.208325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 101270.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 74445.903185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75994.082496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        208233                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        71293                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332578007304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        70864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            133171                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           133171                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       172725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       172448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       345173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 345173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      6654592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      6644864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total     13299456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13299456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            136940                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  136940    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              136940                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           285986669                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           285724037                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          729353652                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            266823099                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              13959                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        266837058                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           110835176                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             16880                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       110852056                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            377658275                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              30839                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        377689114                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1000030841                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                31                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1000030872                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 1006359253047                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2958765068                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1000000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1000000002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     999325565                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses          59381                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls              258568                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts     44999563                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            999325565                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                 59381                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   1606886088                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    843314878                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads        74829                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes        49659                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             377689114                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           266837058                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts          110852056                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       23714.591947                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       2958741353.408053                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999992                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000008                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                  45410823                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass        517194      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         621777866     62.18%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult               89      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd           23713      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp            3872      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt            2467      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult           8943      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             311      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead        266828341     26.68%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite       110847970     11.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead        15989      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite         4086      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1000030841                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.lookups       9274435                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condPredicted      9149009                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condIncorrect        27550                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBLookups      6847475                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHits       6818276                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHitPct    99.573580                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.usedRAS         43442                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.RASInCorrect           12                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectLookups        12866                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectHits        12558                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectMisses          308                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPredindirectMispredicted          215                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_hits           54069648                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_misses             9001                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_acv                  11                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_accesses       54078649                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_hits          22238333                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_misses           23213                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_acv                 15                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_accesses      22261546                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_hits           76307981                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_misses            32214                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_acv                  26                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_accesses       76340195                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_hits          13646953                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_misses             381                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_accesses      13647334                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 1006359253047                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.numCycles               63310568                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.icacheStallCycles     13687656                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Insts            202251516                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Branches           9274435                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.predictedBranches      6874276                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Cycles            49568553                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.SquashCycles         73116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.TlbCycles                2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.MiscStallCycles           75                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         5468                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.CacheLines        13646953                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::samples     63298341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::mean     3.195210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.579014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::0       31688784     50.06%     50.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::1          78962      0.12%     50.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::2        4464177      7.05%     57.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::3          38878      0.06%     57.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::4        2382729      3.76%     61.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::5        4433606      7.00%     68.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::6          97546      0.15%     68.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::7          65928      0.10%     68.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::8       20047731     31.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::total     63298341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.branchRate        0.146491                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rate              3.194593                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.IdleCycles       11678919                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BlockedCycles     21092246                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.RunCycles        28807362                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.UnblockCycles      1683672                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashCycles        36141                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchResolved      6793207                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchMispred          430                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.DecodedInsts    201753204                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashedInsts         1782                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SquashCycles        36141                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IdleCycles       12284525                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.BlockCycles       2134388                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializeStallCycles       217021                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RunCycles        29865168                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UnblockCycles     18761097                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedInsts    201633504                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.ROBFullEvents          666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IQFullEvents        91758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.LQFullEvents     13714059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SQFullEvents      4679373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedOperands    169991323                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenameLookups    323790718                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.int_rename_lookups    323762580                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        19874                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.CommittedMaps    168766355                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UndoneMaps        1224904                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializingInsts        14609                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1907                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.skidInsts         8693532                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedLoads     53739733                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedStores     22317964                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingLoads      4114551                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingStores      6816777                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsAdded        201321438                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3663                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsIssued       201424571                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2544                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1325038                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       699303                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1098                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     63298341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     3.182146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.467573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15250651     24.09%     24.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3769304      5.95%     30.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7286767     11.51%     41.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8339381     13.17%     54.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7496341     11.84%     66.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8298656     13.11%     79.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      6116744      9.66%     89.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4039494      6.38%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2701003      4.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     63298341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1638923     51.15%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            7      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           32      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemRead      1555869     48.56%     99.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9085      0.28%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           71      0.00%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite          180      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    125040875     62.08%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult           61      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd         3844      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp          643      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          486      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult         1431      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           65      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     54108728     26.86%     88.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22264512     11.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         3227      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          699      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::total    201424571                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.rate                 3.181532                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3204167                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.015908                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    469333081                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    202632328                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    200865890                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        21110                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        21243                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9333                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_alu_accesses    204618053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_alu_accesses         10685                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2213423                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       349933                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          215                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3476                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       139371                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           40                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       427207                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewSquashCycles        36141                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewBlockCycles        267219                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1828348                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    201458836                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1131                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     53739733                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22317964                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12293                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      1798826                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3476                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11644                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16772                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.branchMispredicts        28416                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecutedInsts    201357582                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     54078705                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        66986                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_nop              133735                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_refs           76340284                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_branches        9159344                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_stores         22261579                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_rate           3.180473                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_sent            200927586                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_count           200875223                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_producers       130046189                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_consumers       178539095                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_rate             3.172855                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_fanout           0.728391                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1263818                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2565                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branchMispredicts        27133                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     63114960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     3.170462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.495782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23307034     36.93%     36.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11473959     18.18%     55.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2516310      3.99%     59.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2938356      4.66%     63.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       419090      0.66%     64.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1969426      3.12%     67.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       199152      0.32%     67.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       269503      0.43%     68.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     20022130     31.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     63114960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedInsts    200103610                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedOps    200103610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.refs             75568371                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.loads            53389787                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.membars              1282                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branches          9081009                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.fp_insts             7063                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.int_insts       199966042                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.function_calls        26169                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       103604      0.05%      0.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    124425131     62.18%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           14      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         3080      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp          511      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt          406      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult         1162      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv           49      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     53389445     26.68%     88.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     22178353     11.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1624      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          231      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::total    200103610                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.bw_lim_events     20022130                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_reads          244381127                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_writes         402920755                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus_1.timesIdled                   773                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus_1.idleCycles                 12227                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus_1.committedInsts         200000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.committedOps           200000006                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi                     0.316553                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi_total               0.316553                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc                     3.159030                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc_total               3.159030                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_reads      323289190                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_writes     169526235                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_reads           12138                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_writes           7948                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_reads         13658                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_writes         2564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5443158                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2719257                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            366                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          366                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332578007304                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            206226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2623143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          167465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2517675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2517675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       206226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side      8167059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side    337675520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                           71351                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                   4535296                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2795252                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000131                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.011442                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                2794886     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                    366      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            2795252                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2662480521                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1814118066                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
