
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.495596                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2495595716190                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               129448592240922                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 193568                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   193568                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              402555674                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2435792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6199.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1200000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1200000003                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129448592240922                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       122176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    386056448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        42240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data     87484288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         473705280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       122176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        42240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       164544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks    199018816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      199018816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      6032132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst          660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data      1366942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            7401645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks      3109669                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           3109669                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.inst                51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        48957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    154695108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        16926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data     35055473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            189816514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           51                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        48957                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        16926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           65934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       79748020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            79748020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       79748020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.inst               51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        48957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    154695108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst        16926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data     35055473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           269564534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    7401645                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   3109669                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  7401645                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 3109669                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             473425728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 279552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              199016832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              473705280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           199018816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  4368                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           456161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           469497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           465790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           448643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           447754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           468539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           478171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           476920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           485729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           465295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          450226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          448377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          445065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          465186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          466270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          459654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           192846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           194145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           196189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           184733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           187254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           196896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           204819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           203541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           204685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           193075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          191553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          192667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          184690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          193367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          197913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          191265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2495595603636                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              7401645                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             3109669                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                7100844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                 262018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  32320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                106003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                109914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                176902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                180906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                181015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                180961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                180933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                180871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                180816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                180774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                180775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                180736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                180983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                181114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                183563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                182384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                180486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                180450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      6626550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   101.476810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    83.303203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    95.708524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5029727     75.90%     75.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1108482     16.73%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       269359      4.06%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511       119289      1.80%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        57851      0.87%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        22730      0.34%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9632      0.15%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5136      0.08%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4344      0.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      6626550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       180434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     40.996869                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.299715                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    56.622490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       180433    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       180434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       180434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.234213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.202891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.033853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           71876     39.84%     39.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            2282      1.26%     41.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           98877     54.80%     95.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            6970      3.86%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             405      0.22%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              20      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       180434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                155595101921                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           294294045671                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               36986385000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    21034.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               39784.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      189.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       79.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   189.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    79.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 3826502                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  53856                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                51.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                1.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    237419.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   36.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             23706049500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             12600041355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            26499931500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            8145408060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        197962021920.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        158924326560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          4701061920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   849405188940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    97655019840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      6559812690                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1386180007845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           555.450547                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        2134786547622                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2923908853                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  83767328000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  17747431344                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 254310972161                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 274117212876                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1862728862956                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             23607567480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             12547715895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            26316626280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            8086902300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        197965095120.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        158633576400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          4703540640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   847567542000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    99203971200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      6760835565                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1385415532110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           555.144217                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        2135419180037                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2958005285                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  83769054000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  18372534418                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 258345143905                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 273449404049                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1858701574533                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129448592240922                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.data            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       117888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    386595456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        39168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data     87664640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         474417280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       117888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        39168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       157056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    198465792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      198465792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.data               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      6040554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst          612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data      1369760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            7412770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      3101028                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           3101028                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.data                51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        47238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    154911091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        15695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data     35127741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            190101817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        47238                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        15695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           62933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       79526420                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            79526420                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       79526420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.data               51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        47238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    154911091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst        15695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data     35127741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           269628237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    7412770                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   3101028                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  7412770                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 3101028                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             474140992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 276288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              198464704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              474417280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           198465792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  4317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           459364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           463900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           463915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           452850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           448105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           466007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           480877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           472385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           490073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           471329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          451517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          449907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          447639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          462877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          468190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          459518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           192444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           191117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           192690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           187404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           189456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           193107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           202621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           196289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           206730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           192863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          193958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          191638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          186432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          193595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          196937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          193730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2495595060513                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              7412770                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             3101028                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                7110514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                 262596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  33184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                105769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                109618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                176497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                180470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                180530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                180418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                180340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                180333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                180263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                180265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                180236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                180244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                180532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                180619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                183023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                181877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                179978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                179936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      6614208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   101.690915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    83.416256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    95.958534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5012626     75.79%     75.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1110600     16.79%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       269657      4.08%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511       120326      1.82%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        59097      0.89%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        22964      0.35%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9659      0.15%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5128      0.08%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4151      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      6614208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       179918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     41.176792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.482758                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    57.944710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       179916    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       179918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       179918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.235691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.204372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.033939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           71518     39.75%     39.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            2335      1.30%     41.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           98697     54.86%     95.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            6918      3.85%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             422      0.23%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              25      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       179918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                155719631058                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           294628124808                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               37042265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    21019.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               39769.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      189.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       79.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   190.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    79.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 3840820                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  54426                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                51.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                1.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    237363.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   37.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             23577543780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             12531735150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            26470857420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            8065568160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        197839708560.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        158151389460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          4683428160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   849827422710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    97913270880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      6486696945                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1385566427415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           555.204680                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        2136536714431                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2874478843                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  83714184000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  17895078962                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 254981468994                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 272469296267                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1863661209124                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             23647972740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             12569184210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            26425497000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            8121709260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        198009349200.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        158961394800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          4712903520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   847541967810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    98909003040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      6829237695                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1385749883055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           555.278193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        2134673645843                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2980069851                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  83788488000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  18454529042                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 257575939837                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 274153004210                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1858643685250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129448592240922                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                       3                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted                 3                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect                 1                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                    0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct                   nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            2                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        2                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            2                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        2                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           3                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       3                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2495595716190                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                              291                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles                 19                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                              9                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                           3                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                             2                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                       5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                 3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                         3                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                     2                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples                 26                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.346154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.573336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                       24     92.31%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                        1      3.85%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                        0      0.00%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                        0      0.00%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                        0      0.00%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                        0      0.00%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                        0      0.00%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                        0      0.00%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                        1      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                   26                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.010309                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.030928                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                       21                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                      9                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                       21                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                      9                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands                   6                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                    13                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups                7                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups                 6                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                     1                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                        5                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                         0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                    2                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                   0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                          9                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                         6                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined               7                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined            7                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            26                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.230769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.862911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  24     92.31%     92.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                   0      0.00%     92.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                   1      3.85%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                   0      0.00%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                   1      3.85%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              26                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   2     33.33%     33.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   2     33.33%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                    2     33.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                      6                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.020619                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                          0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 30                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                10                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   8                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  6                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            4                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                      2                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       4                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads                0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            2                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                   9                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                     2                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect              0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            1                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                    1                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                     6                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                     2                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                            2                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                        2                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                          0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.020619                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                              4                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                             4                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                         2                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                         2                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.013746                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                            1                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts               7                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts                 1                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples           23                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.086957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.288104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0           21     91.30%     91.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            2      8.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total           23                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                    2                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                      2                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                              0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                             0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                          1                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          2                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                         0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              1     50.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              1     50.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total                 2                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                     0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                           31                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                          20                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                               1                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                             265                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                           2                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                             2                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                             145.500000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                       145.500000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.006873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.006873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       42                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                        2                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129448592240922                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          25925035                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::0                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::1                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::2                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::3                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::4                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::5                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::6                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::7                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::8                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::9                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::10                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::11                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::12                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::13                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::14                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::15                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::16                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::17                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::18                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::19                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::20                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::21                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::22                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::23                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::24                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::25                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::26                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::27                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::28                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::29                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::30                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::31                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::32                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::33                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::34                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::35                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::36                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::37                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::38                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::39                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::40                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::41                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::42                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::43                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::44                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::45                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::46                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::47                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::48                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::49                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::50                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::51                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::52                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::53                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::54                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::55                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::56                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::57                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::58                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::59                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::60                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::61                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::62                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::63                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::64                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::65                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::66                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::67                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::68                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::69                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::70                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::71                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::72                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::73                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::74                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::75                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::76                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::77                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::78                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::79                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::80                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::81                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::82                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::83                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::84                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::85                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::86                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::87                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::88                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::89                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::90                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::91                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::92                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::93                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::94                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::95                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::96                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::97                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::98                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::99                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::100                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::101                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::102                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::103                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::104                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::105                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::106                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::107                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::108                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::109                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::110                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::111                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::112                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::113                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::114                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::115                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::116                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::117                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::118                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::119                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::120                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::121                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::122                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::123                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::124                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::125                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::126                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::127                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::128                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::129                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::130                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::131                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::132                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::133                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::134                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::135                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::136                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::137                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::138                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::139                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::140                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::141                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::142                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::143                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::144                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::145                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::146                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::147                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::148                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::149                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::150                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::151                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::152                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::153                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::154                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::155                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::156                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::157                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::158                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::159                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::160                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::161                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::162                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::163                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::164                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::165                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::166                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::167                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::168                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::169                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::170                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::171                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::172                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::173                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::174                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::175                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::176                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::177                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::178                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::179                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::180                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::181                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::182                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::183                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::184                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::185                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::186                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::187                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::188                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::189                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::190                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::191                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::192                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::193                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::194                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::195                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::196                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::197                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::198                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::199                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::200                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::201                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::202                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::203                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::204                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::205                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::206                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::207                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::208                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::209                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::210                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::211                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::212                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::213                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::214                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::215                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::216                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::217                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::218                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::219                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::220                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::221                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::222                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::223                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::224                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::225                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::226                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::227                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::228                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::229                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::230                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::231                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::232                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::233                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::234                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::235                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::236                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::237                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::238                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::239                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::240                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::241                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::242                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::243                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::244                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::245                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::246                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::247                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::248                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::249                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::250                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::251                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::252                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::253                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::254                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::255                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::256                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::257                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::0                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::1                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::2                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::3                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::4                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::5                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::6                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::7                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::8                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::9                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::10                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::11                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::12                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::13                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::14                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::15                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::16                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::17                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::18                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::19                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::20                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::21                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::22                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::23                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::24                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::25                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::26                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::27                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::28                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::29                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::30                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::31                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::32                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::33                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::34                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::35                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::36                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::37                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::38                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::39                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::40                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::41                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::42                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::43                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::44                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::45                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::46                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::47                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::48                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::49                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::50                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::51                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::52                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::53                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::54                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::55                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::56                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::57                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::58                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::59                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::60                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::61                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::62                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::63                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::64                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::65                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::66                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::67                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::68                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::69                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::70                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::71                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::72                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::73                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::74                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::75                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::76                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::77                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::78                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::79                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::80                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::81                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::82                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::83                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::84                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::85                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::86                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::87                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::88                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::89                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::90                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::91                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::92                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::93                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::94                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::95                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::96                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::97                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::98                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::99                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::100                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::101                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::102                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::103                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::104                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::105                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::106                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::107                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::108                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::109                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::110                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::111                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::112                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::113                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::114                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::115                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::116                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::117                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::118                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::119                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::120                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::121                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::122                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::123                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::124                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::125                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::126                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::127                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::128                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::129                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::130                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::131                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::132                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::133                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::134                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::135                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::136                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::137                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::138                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::139                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::140                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::141                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::142                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::143                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::144                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::145                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::146                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::147                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::148                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::149                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::150                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::151                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::152                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::153                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::154                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::155                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::156                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::157                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::158                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::159                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::160                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::161                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::162                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::163                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::164                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::165                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::166                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::167                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::168                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::169                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::170                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::171                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::172                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::173                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::174                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::175                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::176                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::177                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::178                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::179                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::180                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::181                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::182                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::183                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::184                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::185                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::186                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::187                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::188                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::189                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::190                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::191                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::192                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::193                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::194                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::195                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::196                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::197                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::198                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::199                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::200                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::201                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::202                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::203                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::204                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::205                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::206                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::207                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::208                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::209                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::210                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::211                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::212                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::213                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::214                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::215                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::216                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::217                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::218                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::219                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::220                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::221                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::222                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::223                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::224                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::225                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::226                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::227                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::228                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::229                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::230                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::231                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::232                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::233                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::234                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::235                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::236                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::237                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::238                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::239                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::240                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::241                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::242                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::243                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::244                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::245                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::246                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::247                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::248                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::249                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::250                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::251                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::252                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::253                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::254                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::255                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::256                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::257                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::0                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::1                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::2                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::3                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::4                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::5                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::6                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::7                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::8                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::9                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::10                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::11                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::12                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::13                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::14                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::15                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::16                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::17                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::18                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::19                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::20                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::21                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::22                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::23                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::24                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::25                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::26                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::27                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::28                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::29                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::30                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::31                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::32                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::33                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::34                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::35                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::36                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::37                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::38                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::39                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::40                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::41                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::42                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::43                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::44                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::45                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::46                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::47                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::48                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::49                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::50                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::51                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::52                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::53                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::54                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::55                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::56                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::57                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::58                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::59                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::60                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::61                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::62                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::63                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::64                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::65                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::66                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::67                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::68                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::69                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::70                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::71                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::72                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::73                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::74                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::75                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::76                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::77                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::78                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::79                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::80                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::81                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::82                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::83                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::84                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::85                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::86                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::87                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::88                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::89                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::90                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::91                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::92                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::93                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::94                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::95                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::96                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::97                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::98                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::99                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::100                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::101                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::102                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::103                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::104                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::105                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::106                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::107                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::108                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::109                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::110                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::111                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::112                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::113                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::114                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::115                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::116                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::117                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::118                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::119                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::120                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::121                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::122                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::123                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::124                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::125                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::126                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::127                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::128                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::129                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::130                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::131                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::132                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::133                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::134                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::135                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::136                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::137                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::138                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::139                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::140                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::141                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::142                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::143                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::144                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::145                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::146                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::147                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::148                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::149                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::150                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::151                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::152                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::153                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::154                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::155                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::156                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::157                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::158                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::159                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::160                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::161                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::162                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::163                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::164                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::165                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::166                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::167                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::168                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::169                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::170                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::171                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::172                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::173                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::174                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::175                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::176                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::177                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::178                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::179                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::180                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::181                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::182                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::183                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::184                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::185                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::186                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::187                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::188                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::189                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::190                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::191                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::192                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::193                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::194                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::195                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::196                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::197                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::198                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::199                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::200                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::201                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::202                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::203                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::204                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::205                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::206                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::207                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::208                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::209                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::210                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::211                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::212                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::213                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::214                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::215                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::216                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::217                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::218                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::219                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::220                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::221                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::222                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::223                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::224                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::225                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::226                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::227                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::228                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::229                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::230                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::231                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::232                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::233                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::234                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::235                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::236                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::237                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::238                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::239                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::240                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::241                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::242                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::243                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::244                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::245                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::246                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::247                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::248                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::249                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::250                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::251                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::252                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::253                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::254                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::255                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::256                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::257                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::0                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::1                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::2                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::3                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::4                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::5                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::6                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::7                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::8                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::9                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::10                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::11                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::12                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::13                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::14                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::15                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::16                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::17                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::18                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::19                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::20                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::21                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::22                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::23                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::24                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::25                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::26                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::27                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::28                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::29                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::30                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::31                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::32                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::33                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::34                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::35                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::36                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::37                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::38                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::39                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::40                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::41                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::42                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::43                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::44                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::45                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::46                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::47                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::48                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::49                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::50                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::51                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::52                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::53                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::54                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::55                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::56                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::57                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::58                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::59                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::60                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::61                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::62                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::63                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::64                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::65                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::66                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::67                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::68                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::69                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::70                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::71                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::72                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::73                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::74                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::75                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::76                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::77                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::78                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::79                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::80                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::81                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::82                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::83                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::84                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::85                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::86                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::87                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::88                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::89                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::90                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::91                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::92                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::93                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::94                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::95                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::96                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::97                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::98                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::99                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::100                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::101                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::102                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::103                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::104                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::105                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::106                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::107                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::108                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::109                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::110                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::111                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::112                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::113                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::114                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::115                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::116                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::117                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::118                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::119                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::120                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::121                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::122                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::123                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::124                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::125                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::126                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::127                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::128                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::129                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::130                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::131                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::132                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::133                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::134                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::135                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::136                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::137                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::138                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::139                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::140                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::141                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::142                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::143                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::144                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::145                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::146                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::147                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::148                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::149                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::150                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::151                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::152                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::153                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::154                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::155                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::156                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::157                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::158                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::159                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::160                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::161                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::162                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::163                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::164                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::165                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::166                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::167                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::168                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::169                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::170                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::171                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::172                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::173                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::174                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::175                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::176                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::177                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::178                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::179                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::180                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::181                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::182                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::183                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::184                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::185                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::186                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::187                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::188                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::189                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::190                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::191                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::192                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::193                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::194                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::195                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::196                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::197                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::198                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::199                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::200                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::201                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::202                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::203                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::204                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::205                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::206                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::207                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::208                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::209                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::210                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::211                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::212                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::213                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::214                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::215                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::216                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::217                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::218                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::219                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::220                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::221                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::222                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::223                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::224                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::225                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::226                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::227                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::228                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::229                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::230                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::231                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::232                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::233                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::234                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::235                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::236                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::237                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::238                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::239                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::240                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::241                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::242                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::243                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::244                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::245                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::246                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::247                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::248                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::249                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::250                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::251                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::252                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::253                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::254                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::255                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::256                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::257                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::0        4287747605                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::1         833546292                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::2        1022858660                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::3         492787475                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::total    6636940032                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::0    2499117914                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::1     490964769                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::2     534302823                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::3    3112554526                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::total   6636940032                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.989401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           431323658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          25925547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             16.637013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      126953151893208                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.000075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   464.660934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data    47.328393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.907541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.092438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        3730093771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       3730093771                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129448592240922                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    203353881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     65250926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       268604807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    130480285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     26377440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      156857725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1558427                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       345338                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1903765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1561032                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       332754                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1893786                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    333834166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     91628366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        425462532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    333834166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     91628366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       425462532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18074905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      8633094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      26708001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4530700                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2518588                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      7049288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2785                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data          646                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3431                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           45                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          225                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22605605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     11151682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       33757289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22605605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     11151682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      33757289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       189810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1148388026436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 525024847269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1673413063515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 217036646766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 163713287048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 380749933814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26718921                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      6312015                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     33030936                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1558440                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data       389610                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1948050                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       189810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1365424673202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 688738134317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2054162997329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       189810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1365424673202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 688738134317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2054162997329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    221428786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     73884020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    295312808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    135010985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     28896028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    163907013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1561212                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       345984                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1907196                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1561212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       332799                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1894011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    356439771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data    102780048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    459219821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    356439771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data    102780048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    459219821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.116847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.087160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001784                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.001867                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001799                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.108500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.108500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        94905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63534.941204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 60815.374797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62655.870932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47903.557235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 65002.011861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54012.537694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9593.867504                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  9770.921053                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9627.203731                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         8658                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data         8658                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8658                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        94905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60402.040698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 61760.919502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60850.946808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        94905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60402.040698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 61760.919502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60850.946808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     29716039                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       118326                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            488031                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets             549                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.889655                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   215.530055                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11849023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          11849023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      4256259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4256259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1578402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1578402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      5834661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      5834661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      5834661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      5834661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18074905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4376835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     22451742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4530700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       940186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5470886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2785                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data          646                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         3431                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           45                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22605605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      5317021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     27922628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22605605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      5317021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     27922628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       188478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1136350139706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 270996432300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1407346760484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 214019200566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  45985387732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 260004588298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24864111                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      5881779                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30745890                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1438560                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data       359640                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1798200                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       188478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1350369340272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 316981820032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1667351348782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       188478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1350369340272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 316981820032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1667351348782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.059239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.032537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033378                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001784                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.001867                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001799                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.051732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.051732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        94239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62868.941204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 61916.072299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62683.187812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47237.557235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 48910.947123                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47525.133643                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8927.867504                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  9104.921053                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8961.203731                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        94239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59736.040698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 59616.431839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59713.267275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        94239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59736.040698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 59616.431839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59713.267275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129448592240922                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            131614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::0                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::1                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::2                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::3                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::4                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::5                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::6                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::7                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::8                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::9                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::10                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::11                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::12                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::13                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::14                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::15                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::16                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::17                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::18                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::19                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::20                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::21                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::22                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::23                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::24                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::25                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::26                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::27                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::28                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::29                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::30                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::31                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::32                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::33                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::34                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::35                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::36                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::37                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::38                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::39                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::40                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::41                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::42                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::43                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::44                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::45                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::46                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::47                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::48                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::49                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::50                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::51                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::52                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::53                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::54                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::55                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::56                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::57                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::58                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::59                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::60                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::61                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::62                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::63                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::64                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::65                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::66                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::67                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::68                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::69                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::70                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::71                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::72                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::73                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::74                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::75                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::76                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::77                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::78                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::79                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::80                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::81                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::82                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::83                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::84                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::85                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::86                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::87                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::88                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::89                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::90                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::91                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::92                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::93                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::94                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::95                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::96                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::97                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::98                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::99                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::100                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::101                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::102                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::103                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::104                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::105                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::106                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::107                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::108                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::109                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::110                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::111                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::112                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::113                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::114                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::115                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::116                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::117                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::118                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::119                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::120                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::121                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::122                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::123                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::124                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::125                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::126                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::127                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::128                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::129                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::130                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::131                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::132                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::133                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::134                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::135                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::136                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::137                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::138                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::139                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::140                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::141                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::142                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::143                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::144                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::145                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::146                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::147                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::148                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::149                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::150                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::151                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::152                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::153                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::154                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::155                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::156                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::157                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::158                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::159                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::160                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::161                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::162                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::163                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::164                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::165                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::166                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::167                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::168                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::169                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::170                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::171                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::172                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::173                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::174                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::175                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::176                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::177                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::178                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::179                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::180                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::181                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::182                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::183                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::184                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::185                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::186                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::187                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::188                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::189                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::190                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::191                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::192                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::193                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::194                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::195                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::196                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::197                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::198                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::199                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::200                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::201                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::202                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::203                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::204                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::205                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::206                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::207                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::208                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::209                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::210                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::211                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::212                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::213                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::214                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::215                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::216                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::217                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::218                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::219                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::220                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::221                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::222                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::223                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::224                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::225                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::226                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::227                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::228                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::229                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::230                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::231                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::232                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::233                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::234                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::235                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::236                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::237                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::238                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::239                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::240                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::241                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::242                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::243                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::244                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::245                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::246                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::247                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::248                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::249                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::250                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::251                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::252                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::253                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::254                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::255                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::256                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::257                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::0                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::1                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::2                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::3                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::4                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::5                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::6                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::7                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::8                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::9                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::10                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::11                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::12                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::13                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::14                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::15                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::16                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::17                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::18                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::19                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::20                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::21                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::22                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::23                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::24                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::25                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::26                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::27                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::28                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::29                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::30                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::31                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::32                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::33                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::34                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::35                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::36                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::37                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::38                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::39                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::40                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::41                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::42                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::43                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::44                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::45                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::46                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::47                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::48                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::49                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::50                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::51                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::52                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::53                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::54                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::55                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::56                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::57                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::58                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::59                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::60                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::61                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::62                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::63                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::64                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::65                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::66                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::67                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::68                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::69                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::70                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::71                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::72                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::73                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::74                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::75                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::76                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::77                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::78                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::79                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::80                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::81                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::82                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::83                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::84                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::85                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::86                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::87                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::88                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::89                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::90                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::91                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::92                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::93                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::94                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::95                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::96                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::97                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::98                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::99                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::100                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::101                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::102                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::103                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::104                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::105                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::106                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::107                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::108                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::109                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::110                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::111                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::112                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::113                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::114                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::115                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::116                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::117                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::118                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::119                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::120                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::121                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::122                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::123                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::124                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::125                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::126                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::127                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::128                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::129                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::130                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::131                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::132                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::133                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::134                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::135                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::136                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::137                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::138                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::139                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::140                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::141                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::142                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::143                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::144                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::145                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::146                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::147                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::148                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::149                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::150                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::151                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::152                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::153                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::154                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::155                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::156                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::157                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::158                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::159                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::160                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::161                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::162                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::163                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::164                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::165                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::166                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::167                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::168                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::169                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::170                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::171                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::172                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::173                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::174                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::175                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::176                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::177                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::178                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::179                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::180                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::181                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::182                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::183                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::184                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::185                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::186                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::187                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::188                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::189                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::190                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::191                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::192                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::193                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::194                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::195                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::196                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::197                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::198                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::199                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::200                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::201                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::202                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::203                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::204                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::205                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::206                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::207                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::208                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::209                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::210                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::211                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::212                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::213                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::214                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::215                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::216                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::217                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::218                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::219                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::220                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::221                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::222                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::223                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::224                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::225                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::226                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::227                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::228                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::229                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::230                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::231                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::232                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::233                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::234                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::235                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::236                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::237                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::238                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::239                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::240                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::241                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::242                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::243                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::244                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::245                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::246                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::247                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::248                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::249                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::250                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::251                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::252                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::253                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::254                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::255                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::256                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::257                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::0                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::1                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::2                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::3                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::4                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::5                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::6                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::7                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::8                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::9                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::10                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::11                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::12                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::13                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::14                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::15                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::16                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::17                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::18                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::19                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::20                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::21                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::22                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::23                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::24                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::25                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::26                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::27                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::28                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::29                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::30                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::31                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::32                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::33                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::34                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::35                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::36                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::37                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::38                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::39                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::40                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::41                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::42                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::43                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::44                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::45                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::46                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::47                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::48                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::49                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::50                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::51                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::52                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::53                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::54                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::55                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::56                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::57                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::58                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::59                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::60                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::61                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::62                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::63                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::64                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::65                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::66                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::67                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::68                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::69                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::70                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::71                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::72                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::73                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::74                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::75                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::76                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::77                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::78                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::79                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::80                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::81                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::82                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::83                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::84                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::85                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::86                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::87                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::88                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::89                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::90                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::91                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::92                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::93                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::94                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::95                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::96                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::97                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::98                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::99                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::100                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::101                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::102                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::103                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::104                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::105                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::106                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::107                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::108                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::109                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::110                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::111                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::112                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::113                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::114                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::115                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::116                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::117                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::118                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::119                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::120                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::121                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::122                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::123                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::124                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::125                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::126                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::127                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::128                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::129                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::130                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::131                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::132                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::133                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::134                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::135                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::136                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::137                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::138                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::139                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::140                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::141                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::142                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::143                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::144                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::145                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::146                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::147                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::148                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::149                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::150                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::151                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::152                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::153                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::154                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::155                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::156                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::157                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::158                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::159                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::160                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::161                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::162                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::163                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::164                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::165                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::166                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::167                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::168                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::169                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::170                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::171                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::172                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::173                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::174                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::175                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::176                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::177                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::178                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::179                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::180                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::181                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::182                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::183                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::184                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::185                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::186                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::187                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::188                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::189                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::190                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::191                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::192                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::193                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::194                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::195                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::196                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::197                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::198                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::199                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::200                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::201                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::202                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::203                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::204                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::205                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::206                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::207                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::208                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::209                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::210                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::211                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::212                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::213                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::214                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::215                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::216                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::217                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::218                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::219                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::220                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::221                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::222                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::223                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::224                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::225                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::226                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::227                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::228                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::229                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::230                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::231                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::232                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::233                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::234                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::235                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::236                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::237                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::238                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::239                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::240                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::241                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::242                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::243                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::244                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::245                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::246                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::247                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::248                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::249                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::250                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::251                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::252                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::253                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::254                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::255                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::256                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::257                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::0                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::1                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::2                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::3                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::4                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::5                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::6                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::7                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::8                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::9                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::10                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::11                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::12                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::13                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::14                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::15                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::16                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::17                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::18                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::19                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::20                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::21                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::22                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::23                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::24                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::25                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::26                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::27                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::28                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::29                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::30                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::31                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::32                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::33                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::34                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::35                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::36                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::37                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::38                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::39                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::40                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::41                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::42                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::43                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::44                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::45                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::46                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::47                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::48                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::49                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::50                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::51                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::52                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::53                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::54                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::55                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::56                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::57                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::58                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::59                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::60                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::61                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::62                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::63                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::64                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::65                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::66                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::67                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::68                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::69                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::70                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::71                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::72                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::73                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::74                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::75                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::76                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::77                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::78                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::79                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::80                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::81                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::82                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::83                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::84                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::85                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::86                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::87                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::88                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::89                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::90                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::91                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::92                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::93                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::94                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::95                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::96                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::97                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::98                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::99                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::100                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::101                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::102                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::103                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::104                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::105                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::106                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::107                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::108                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::109                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::110                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::111                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::112                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::113                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::114                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::115                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::116                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::117                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::118                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::119                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::120                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::121                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::122                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::123                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::124                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::125                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::126                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::127                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::128                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::129                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::130                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::131                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::132                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::133                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::134                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::135                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::136                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::137                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::138                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::139                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::140                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::141                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::142                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::143                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::144                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::145                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::146                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::147                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::148                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::149                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::150                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::151                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::152                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::153                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::154                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::155                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::156                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::157                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::158                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::159                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::160                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::161                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::162                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::163                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::164                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::165                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::166                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::167                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::168                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::169                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::170                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::171                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::172                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::173                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::174                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::175                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::176                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::177                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::178                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::179                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::180                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::181                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::182                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::183                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::184                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::185                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::186                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::187                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::188                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::189                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::190                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::191                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::192                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::193                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::194                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::195                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::196                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::197                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::198                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::199                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::200                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::201                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::202                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::203                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::204                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::205                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::206                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::207                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::208                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::209                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::210                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::211                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::212                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::213                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::214                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::215                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::216                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::217                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::218                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::219                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::220                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::221                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::222                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::223                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::224                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::225                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::226                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::227                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::228                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::229                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::230                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::231                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::232                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::233                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::234                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::235                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::236                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::237                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::238                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::239                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::240                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::241                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::242                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::243                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::244                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::245                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::246                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::247                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::248                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::249                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::250                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::251                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::252                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::253                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::254                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::255                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::256                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::257                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::0          14259378                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::1           6364797                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::2           7866669                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::3           5333412                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::total      33824256                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::0       8957014                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::1       4077308                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::2       4601177                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::3      16188757                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::total     33824256                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.211560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1105243177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            132126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           8365.069532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      129259150026102                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     2.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   468.040882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst    37.170678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.914142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.072599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        8843168350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       8843168350                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129448592240922                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1010694875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     94548302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1105243177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1010694875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     94548302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1105243177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1010694875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     94548302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1105243177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        32921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        136351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        32921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         136351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        32921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        136351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       267399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1776329559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    603613116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2380210074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       267399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1776329559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    603613116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2380210074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       267399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1776329559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    603613116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2380210074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1010798302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     94581223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1105379528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1010798302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     94581223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1105379528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1010798302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     94581223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1105379528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        89133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17174.718004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 18335.199903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17456.491511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        89133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17174.718004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 18335.199903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17456.491511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        89133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17174.718004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 18335.199903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17456.491511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1355                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                49                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.653061                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       131614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            131614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst         4224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst         4224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst         4224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        28697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       132126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        28697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       132126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        28697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       132126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       174825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1707447177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    502061103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2209683105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       174825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1707447177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    502061103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2209683105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       174825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1707447177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    502061103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2209683105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87412.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16508.718004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 17495.246994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16724.059648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87412.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16508.718004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 17495.246994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16724.059648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87412.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16508.718004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 17495.246994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16724.059648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129448592240922                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.tags.replacements              22253451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::0                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::1                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::2                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::3                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::4                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::5                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::6                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::7                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::8                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::9                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::10                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::11                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::12                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::13                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::14                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::15                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::16                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::17                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::18                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::19                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::20                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::21                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::22                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::23                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::24                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::25                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::26                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::27                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::28                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::29                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::30                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::31                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::32                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::33                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::34                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::35                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::36                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::37                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::38                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::39                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::40                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::41                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::42                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::43                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::44                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::45                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::46                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::47                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::48                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::49                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::50                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::51                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::52                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::53                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::54                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::55                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::56                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::57                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::58                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::59                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::60                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::61                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::62                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::63                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::64                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::65                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::66                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::67                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::68                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::69                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::70                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::71                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::72                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::73                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::74                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::75                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::76                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::77                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::78                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::79                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::80                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::81                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::82                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::83                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::84                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::85                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::86                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::87                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::88                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::89                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::90                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::91                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::92                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::93                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::94                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::95                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::96                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::97                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::98                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::99                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::100                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::101                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::102                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::103                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::104                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::105                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::106                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::107                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::108                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::109                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::110                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::111                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::112                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::113                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::114                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::115                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::116                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::117                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::118                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::119                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::120                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::121                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::122                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::123                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::124                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::125                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::126                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::127                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::128                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::129                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::130                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::131                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::132                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::133                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::134                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::135                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::136                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::137                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::138                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::139                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::140                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::141                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::142                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::143                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::144                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::145                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::146                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::147                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::148                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::149                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::150                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::151                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::152                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::153                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::154                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::155                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::156                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::157                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::158                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::159                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::160                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::161                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::162                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::163                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::164                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::165                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::166                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::167                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::168                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::169                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::170                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::171                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::172                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::173                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::174                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::175                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::176                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::177                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::178                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::179                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::180                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::181                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::182                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::183                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::184                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::185                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::186                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::187                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::188                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::189                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::190                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::191                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::192                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::193                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::194                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::195                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::196                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::197                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::198                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::199                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::200                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::201                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::202                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::203                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::204                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::205                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::206                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::207                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::208                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::209                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::210                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::211                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::212                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::213                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::214                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::215                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::216                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::217                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::218                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::219                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::220                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::221                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::222                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::223                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::224                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::225                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::226                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::227                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::228                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::229                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::230                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::231                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::232                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::233                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::234                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::235                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::236                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::237                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::238                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::239                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::240                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::241                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::242                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::243                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::244                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::245                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::246                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::247                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::248                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::249                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::250                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::251                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::252                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::253                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::254                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::255                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::256                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::257                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::0                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::1                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::2                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::3                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::4                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::5                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::6                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::7                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::8                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::9                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::10                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::11                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::12                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::13                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::14                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::15                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::16                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::17                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::18                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::19                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::20                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::21                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::22                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::23                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::24                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::25                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::26                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::27                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::28                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::29                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::30                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::31                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::32                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::33                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::34                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::35                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::36                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::37                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::38                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::39                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::40                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::41                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::42                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::43                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::44                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::45                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::46                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::47                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::48                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::49                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::50                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::51                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::52                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::53                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::54                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::55                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::56                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::57                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::58                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::59                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::60                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::61                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::62                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::63                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::64                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::65                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::66                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::67                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::68                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::69                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::70                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::71                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::72                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::73                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::74                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::75                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::76                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::77                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::78                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::79                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::80                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::81                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::82                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::83                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::84                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::85                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::86                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::87                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::88                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::89                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::90                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::91                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::92                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::93                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::94                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::95                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::96                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::97                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::98                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::99                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::100                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::101                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::102                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::103                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::104                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::105                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::106                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::107                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::108                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::109                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::110                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::111                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::112                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::113                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::114                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::115                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::116                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::117                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::118                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::119                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::120                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::121                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::122                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::123                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::124                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::125                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::126                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::127                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::128                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::129                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::130                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::131                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::132                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::133                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::134                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::135                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::136                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::137                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::138                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::139                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::140                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::141                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::142                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::143                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::144                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::145                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::146                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::147                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::148                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::149                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::150                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::151                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::152                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::153                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::154                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::155                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::156                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::157                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::158                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::159                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::160                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::161                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::162                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::163                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::164                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::165                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::166                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::167                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::168                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::169                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::170                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::171                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::172                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::173                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::174                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::175                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::176                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::177                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::178                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::179                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::180                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::181                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::182                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::183                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::184                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::185                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::186                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::187                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::188                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::189                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::190                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::191                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::192                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::193                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::194                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::195                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::196                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::197                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::198                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::199                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::200                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::201                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::202                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::203                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::204                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::205                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::206                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::207                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::208                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::209                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::210                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::211                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::212                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::213                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::214                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::215                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::216                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::217                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::218                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::219                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::220                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::221                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::222                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::223                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::224                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::225                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::226                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::227                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::228                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::229                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::230                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::231                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::232                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::233                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::234                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::235                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::236                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::237                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::238                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::239                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::240                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::241                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::242                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::243                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::244                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::245                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::246                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::247                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::248                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::249                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::250                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::251                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::252                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::253                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::254                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::255                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::256                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::257                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::0                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::1                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::2                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::3                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::4                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::5                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::6                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::7                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::8                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::9                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::10                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::11                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::12                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::13                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::14                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::15                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::16                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::17                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::18                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::19                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::20                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::21                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::22                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::23                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::24                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::25                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::26                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::27                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::28                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::29                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::30                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::31                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::32                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::33                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::34                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::35                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::36                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::37                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::38                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::39                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::40                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::41                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::42                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::43                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::44                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::45                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::46                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::47                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::48                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::49                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::50                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::51                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::52                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::53                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::54                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::55                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::56                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::57                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::58                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::59                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::60                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::61                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::62                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::63                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::64                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::65                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::66                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::67                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::68                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::69                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::70                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::71                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::72                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::73                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::74                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::75                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::76                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::77                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::78                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::79                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::80                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::81                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::82                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::83                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::84                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::85                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::86                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::87                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::88                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::89                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::90                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::91                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::92                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::93                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::94                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::95                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::96                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::97                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::98                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::99                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::100                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::101                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::102                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::103                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::104                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::105                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::106                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::107                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::108                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::109                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::110                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::111                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::112                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::113                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::114                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::115                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::116                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::117                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::118                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::119                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::120                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::121                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::122                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::123                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::124                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::125                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::126                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::127                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::128                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::129                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::130                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::131                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::132                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::133                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::134                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::135                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::136                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::137                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::138                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::139                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::140                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::141                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::142                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::143                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::144                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::145                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::146                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::147                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::148                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::149                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::150                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::151                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::152                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::153                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::154                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::155                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::156                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::157                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::158                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::159                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::160                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::161                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::162                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::163                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::164                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::165                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::166                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::167                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::168                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::169                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::170                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::171                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::172                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::173                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::174                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::175                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::176                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::177                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::178                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::179                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::180                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::181                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::182                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::183                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::184                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::185                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::186                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::187                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::188                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::189                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::190                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::191                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::192                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::193                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::194                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::195                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::196                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::197                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::198                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::199                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::200                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::201                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::202                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::203                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::204                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::205                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::206                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::207                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::208                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::209                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::210                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::211                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::212                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::213                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::214                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::215                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::216                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::217                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::218                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::219                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::220                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::221                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::222                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::223                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::224                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::225                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::226                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::227                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::228                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::229                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::230                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::231                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::232                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::233                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::234                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::235                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::236                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::237                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::238                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::239                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::240                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::241                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::242                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::243                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::244                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::245                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::246                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::247                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::248                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::249                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::250                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::251                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::252                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::253                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::254                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::255                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::256                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::257                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::0                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::1                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::2                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::3                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::4                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::5                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::6                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::7                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::8                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::9                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::10                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::11                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::12                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::13                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::14                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::15                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::16                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::17                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::18                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::19                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::20                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::21                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::22                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::23                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::24                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::25                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::26                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::27                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::28                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::29                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::30                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::31                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::32                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::33                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::34                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::35                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::36                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::37                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::38                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::39                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::40                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::41                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::42                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::43                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::44                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::45                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::46                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::47                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::48                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::49                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::50                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::51                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::52                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::53                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::54                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::55                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::56                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::57                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::58                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::59                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::60                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::61                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::62                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::63                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::64                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::65                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::66                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::67                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::68                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::69                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::70                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::71                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::72                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::73                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::74                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::75                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::76                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::77                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::78                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::79                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::80                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::81                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::82                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::83                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::84                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::85                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::86                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::87                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::88                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::89                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::90                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::91                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::92                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::93                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::94                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::95                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::96                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::97                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::98                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::99                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::100                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::101                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::102                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::103                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::104                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::105                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::106                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::107                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::108                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::109                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::110                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::111                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::112                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::113                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::114                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::115                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::116                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::117                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::118                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::119                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::120                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::121                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::122                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::123                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::124                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::125                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::126                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::127                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::128                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::129                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::130                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::131                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::132                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::133                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::134                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::135                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::136                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::137                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::138                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::139                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::140                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::141                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::142                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::143                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::144                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::145                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::146                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::147                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::148                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::149                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::150                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::151                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::152                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::153                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::154                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::155                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::156                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::157                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::158                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::159                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::160                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::161                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::162                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::163                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::164                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::165                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::166                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::167                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::168                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::169                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::170                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::171                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::172                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::173                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::174                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::175                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::176                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::177                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::178                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::179                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::180                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::181                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::182                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::183                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::184                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::185                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::186                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::187                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::188                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::189                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::190                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::191                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::192                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::193                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::194                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::195                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::196                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::197                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::198                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::199                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::200                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::201                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::202                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::203                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::204                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::205                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::206                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::207                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::208                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::209                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::210                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::211                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::212                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::213                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::214                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::215                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::216                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::217                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::218                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::219                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::220                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::221                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::222                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::223                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::224                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::225                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::226                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::227                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::228                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::229                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::230                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::231                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::232                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::233                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::234                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::235                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::236                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::237                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::238                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::239                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::240                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::241                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::242                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::243                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::244                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::245                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::246                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::247                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::248                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::249                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::250                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::251                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::252                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::253                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::254                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::255                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::256                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::257                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::0                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::1                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::2                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::3                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::4                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::5                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::6                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::7                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::8                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::9                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::10                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::11                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::12                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::13                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::14                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::15                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::16                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::17                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::18                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::19                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::20                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::21                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::22                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::23                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::24                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::25                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::26                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::27                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::28                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::29                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::30                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::31                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::32                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::33                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::34                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::35                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::36                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::37                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::38                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::39                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::40                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::41                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::42                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::43                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::44                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::45                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::46                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::47                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::48                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::49                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::50                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::51                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::52                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::53                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::54                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::55                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::56                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::57                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::58                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::59                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::60                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::61                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::62                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::63                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::64                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::65                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::66                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::67                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::68                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::69                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::70                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::71                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::72                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::73                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::74                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::75                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::76                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::77                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::78                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::79                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::80                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::81                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::82                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::83                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::84                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::85                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::86                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::87                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::88                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::89                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::90                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::91                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::92                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::93                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::94                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::95                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::96                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::97                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::98                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::99                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::100                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::101                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::102                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::103                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::104                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::105                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::106                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::107                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::108                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::109                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::110                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::111                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::112                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::113                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::114                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::115                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::116                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::117                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::118                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::119                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::120                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::121                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::122                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::123                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::124                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::125                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::126                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::127                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::128                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::129                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::130                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::131                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::132                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::133                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::134                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::135                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::136                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::137                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::138                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::139                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::140                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::141                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::142                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::143                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::144                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::145                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::146                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::147                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::148                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::149                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::150                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::151                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::152                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::153                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::154                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::155                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::156                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::157                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::158                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::159                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::160                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::161                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::162                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::163                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::164                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::165                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::166                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::167                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::168                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::169                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::170                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::171                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::172                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::173                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::174                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::175                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::176                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::177                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::178                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::179                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::180                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::181                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::182                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::183                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::184                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::185                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::186                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::187                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::188                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::189                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::190                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::191                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::192                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::193                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::194                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::195                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::196                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::197                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::198                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::199                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::200                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::201                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::202                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::203                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::204                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::205                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::206                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::207                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::208                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::209                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::210                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::211                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::212                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::213                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::214                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::215                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::216                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::217                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::218                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::219                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::220                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::221                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::222                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::223                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::224                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::225                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::226                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::227                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::228                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::229                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::230                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::231                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::232                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::233                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::234                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::235                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::236                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::237                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::238                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::239                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::240                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::241                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::242                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::243                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::244                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::245                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::246                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::247                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::248                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::249                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::250                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::251                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::252                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::253                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::254                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::255                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::256                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::257                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::total                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::0                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::1                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::2                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::3                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::4                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::5                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::6                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::7                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::8                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::9                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::10                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::11                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::12                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::13                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::14                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::15                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::16                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::17                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::18                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::19                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::20                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::21                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::22                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::23                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::24                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::25                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::26                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::27                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::28                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::29                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::30                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::31                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::32                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::33                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::34                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::35                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::36                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::37                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::38                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::39                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::40                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::41                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::42                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::43                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::44                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::45                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::46                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::47                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::48                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::49                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::50                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::51                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::52                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::53                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::54                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::55                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::56                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::57                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::58                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::59                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::60                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::61                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::62                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::63                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::64                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::65                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::66                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::67                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::68                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::69                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::70                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::71                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::72                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::73                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::74                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::75                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::76                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::77                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::78                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::79                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::80                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::81                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::82                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::83                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::84                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::85                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::86                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::87                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::88                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::89                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::90                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::91                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::92                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::93                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::94                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::95                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::96                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::97                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::98                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::99                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::100                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::101                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::102                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::103                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::104                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::105                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::106                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::107                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::108                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::109                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::110                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::111                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::112                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::113                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::114                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::115                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::116                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::117                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::118                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::119                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::120                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::121                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::122                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::123                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::124                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::125                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::126                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::127                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::128                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::129                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::130                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::131                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::132                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::133                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::134                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::135                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::136                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::137                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::138                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::139                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::140                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::141                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::142                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::143                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::144                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::145                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::146                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::147                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::148                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::149                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::150                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::151                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::152                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::153                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::154                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::155                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::156                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::157                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::158                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::159                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::160                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::161                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::162                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::163                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::164                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::165                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::166                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::167                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::168                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::169                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::170                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::171                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::172                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::173                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::174                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::175                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::176                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::177                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::178                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::179                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::180                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::181                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::182                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::183                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::184                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::185                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::186                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::187                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::188                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::189                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::190                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::191                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::192                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::193                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::194                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::195                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::196                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::197                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::198                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::199                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::200                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::201                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::202                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::203                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::204                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::205                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::206                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::207                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::208                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::209                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::210                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::211                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::212                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::213                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::214                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::215                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::216                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::217                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::218                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::219                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::220                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::221                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::222                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::223                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::224                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::225                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::226                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::227                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::228                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::229                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::230                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::231                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::232                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::233                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::234                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::235                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::236                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::237                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::238                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::239                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::240                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::241                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::242                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::243                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::244                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::245                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::246                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::247                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::248                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::249                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::250                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::251                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::252                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::253                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::254                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::255                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::256                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::257                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::total                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::0                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::1                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::2                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::3                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::4                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::5                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::6                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::7                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::8                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::9                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::10                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::11                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::12                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::13                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::14                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::15                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::16                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::17                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::18                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::19                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::20                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::21                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::22                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::23                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::24                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::25                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::26                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::27                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::28                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::29                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::30                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::31                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::32                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::33                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::34                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::35                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::36                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::37                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::38                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::39                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::40                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::41                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::42                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::43                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::44                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::45                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::46                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::47                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::48                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::49                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::50                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::51                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::52                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::53                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::54                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::55                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::56                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::57                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::58                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::59                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::60                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::61                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::62                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::63                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::64                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::65                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::66                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::67                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::68                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::69                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::70                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::71                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::72                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::73                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::74                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::75                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::76                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::77                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::78                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::79                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::80                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::81                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::82                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::83                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::84                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::85                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::86                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::87                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::88                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::89                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::90                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::91                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::92                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::93                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::94                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::95                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::96                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::97                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::98                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::99                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::100                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::101                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::102                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::103                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::104                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::105                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::106                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::107                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::108                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::109                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::110                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::111                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::112                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::113                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::114                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::115                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::116                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::117                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::118                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::119                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::120                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::121                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::122                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::123                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::124                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::125                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::126                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::127                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::128                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::129                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::130                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::131                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::132                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::133                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::134                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::135                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::136                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::137                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::138                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::139                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::140                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::141                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::142                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::143                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::144                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::145                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::146                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::147                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::148                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::149                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::150                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::151                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::152                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::153                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::154                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::155                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::156                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::157                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::158                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::159                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::160                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::161                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::162                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::163                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::164                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::165                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::166                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::167                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::168                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::169                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::170                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::171                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::172                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::173                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::174                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::175                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::176                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::177                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::178                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::179                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::180                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::181                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::182                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::183                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::184                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::185                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::186                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::187                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::188                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::189                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::190                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::191                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::192                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::193                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::194                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::195                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::196                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::197                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::198                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::199                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::200                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::201                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::202                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::203                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::204                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::205                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::206                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::207                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::208                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::209                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::210                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::211                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::212                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::213                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::214                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::215                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::216                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::217                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::218                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::219                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::220                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::221                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::222                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::223                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::224                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::225                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::226                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::227                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::228                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::229                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::230                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::231                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::232                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::233                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::234                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::235                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::236                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::237                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::238                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::239                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::240                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::241                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::242                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::243                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::244                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::245                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::246                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::247                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::248                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::249                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::250                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::251                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::252                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::253                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::254                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::255                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::256                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::257                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::total                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::0                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::1                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::2                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::3                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::4                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::5                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::6                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::7                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::8                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::9                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::10                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::11                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::12                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::13                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::14                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::15                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::16                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::17                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::18                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::19                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::20                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::21                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::22                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::23                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::24                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::25                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::26                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::27                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::28                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::29                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::30                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::31                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::32                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::33                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::34                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::35                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::36                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::37                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::38                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::39                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::40                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::41                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::42                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::43                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::44                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::45                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::46                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::47                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::48                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::49                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::50                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::51                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::52                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::53                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::54                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::55                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::56                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::57                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::58                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::59                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::60                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::61                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::62                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::63                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::64                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::65                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::66                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::67                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::68                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::69                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::70                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::71                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::72                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::73                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::74                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::75                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::76                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::77                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::78                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::79                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::80                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::81                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::82                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::83                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::84                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::85                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::86                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::87                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::88                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::89                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::90                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::91                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::92                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::93                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::94                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::95                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::96                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::97                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::98                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::99                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::100                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::101                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::102                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::103                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::104                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::105                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::106                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::107                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::108                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::109                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::110                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::111                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::112                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::113                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::114                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::115                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::116                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::117                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::118                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::119                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::120                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::121                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::122                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::123                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::124                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::125                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::126                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::127                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::128                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::129                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::130                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::131                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::132                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::133                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::134                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::135                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::136                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::137                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::138                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::139                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::140                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::141                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::142                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::143                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::144                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::145                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::146                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::147                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::148                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::149                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::150                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::151                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::152                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::153                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::154                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::155                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::156                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::157                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::158                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::159                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::160                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::161                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::162                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::163                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::164                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::165                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::166                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::167                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::168                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::169                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::170                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::171                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::172                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::173                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::174                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::175                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::176                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::177                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::178                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::179                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::180                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::181                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::182                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::183                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::184                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::185                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::186                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::187                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::188                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::189                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::190                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::191                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::192                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::193                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::194                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::195                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::196                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::197                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::198                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::199                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::200                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::201                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::202                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::203                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::204                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::205                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::206                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::207                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::208                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::209                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::210                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::211                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::212                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::213                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::214                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::215                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::216                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::217                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::218                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::219                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::220                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::221                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::222                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::223                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::224                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::225                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::226                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::227                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::228                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::229                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::230                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::231                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::232                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::233                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::234                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::235                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::236                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::237                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::238                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::239                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::240                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::241                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::242                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::243                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::244                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::245                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::246                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::247                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::248                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::249                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::250                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::251                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::252                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::253                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::254                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::255                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::256                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::257                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::total                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::0                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::1                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::2                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::3                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::4                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::5                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::6                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::7                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::8                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::0                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::1                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::2                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::3                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::4                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::5                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::6                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::7                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::8                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::total                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::0            4737218928                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::1             830548277                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::2            1033711544                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::3             499937955                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::total        7101416704                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::0        2802258242                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::1         498143262                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::2         555569147                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::3        3245446053                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::total    7101416704                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.tagsinuse              4031.733621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_refs                26351671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.sampled_refs              22257522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_refs                  1.183945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.warmup_cycle          127046035390734                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   960.302833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.000450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.000426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     8.976478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2772.137439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     1.090422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data   289.225573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.234449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.676791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.070612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4071                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2520                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.993896                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.tag_accesses             460764749                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2.tags.data_accesses            460764749                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129448592240922                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     11849023                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total     11849023                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       131614                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total       131614                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1646612                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       365053                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          2011665                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          180                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            225                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       153592                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        29626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total            183218                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        63459                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        16949                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          80408                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2817352                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       830758                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       3648110                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        63459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2970944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        16949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       860384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::total              3911736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        63459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2970944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        16949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       860384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::total             3911736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1583                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data          310                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total           1893                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2728913                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       558366                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total         3287279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        39968                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        11748                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        51718                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     15260338                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3546600                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     18806940                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        39968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     17989251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        11748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4104966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::total           22145937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        39968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     17989251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        11748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4104966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::total          22145937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 196870548717                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  42070636584                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 238941185301                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       172827                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1159641864                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    353630016                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1513444707                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       186147                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1098612541080                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 260367013026                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1358979740253                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       172827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       186147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1159641864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1295483089797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    353630016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 302437649610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::total 1599434370261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       172827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       186147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1159641864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1295483089797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    353630016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 302437649610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::total 1599434370261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     11849023                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     11849023                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       131614                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       131614                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1648195                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       365363                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      2013558                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          180                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2882505                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       587992                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       3470497                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst        28697                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       132126                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18077690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      4377358                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     22455050                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20960195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst        28697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      4965350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::total         26057673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20960195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst        28697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      4965350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::total        26057673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000960                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000848                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.000940                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.946716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.949615                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.947207                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.386437                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.409381                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.391429                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844153                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.810215                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.837537                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.386437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.858258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.409381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.826722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::total        0.849882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.386437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.858258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.409381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.826722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::total       0.849882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72142.478971                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 75345.985579                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72686.615678                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86413.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29014.258006                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 30101.295199                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29263.403593                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93073.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71991.363565                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 73413.131739                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72259.481886                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86413.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93073.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29014.258006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72014.287298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 30101.295199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 73676.042532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72222.474500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86413.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 93073.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29014.258006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72014.287298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 30101.295199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 73676.042532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72222.474500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::writebacks         10881918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::total              10881918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        34622                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        34622                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1583                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data          310                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1893                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2728913                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       558366                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total      3287279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        39968                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        11748                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        51718                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15260338                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3546600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     18806940                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        39968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17989251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        11748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4104966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total      22145937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        39968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17989251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        11748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4104966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total     22145937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22890087                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      4441221                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27331308                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 178695988137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  38351919024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 217047907161                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       159507                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    893454984                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    275388336                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1169002827                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       172827                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 996978690000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 236746657026                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1233725519853                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       159507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       172827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    893454984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1175674678137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    275388336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 275098576050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1451942429841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       159507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       172827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    893454984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1175674678137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    275388336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 275098576050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1451942429841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000960                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000848                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000940                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.946716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.949615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.947207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.386437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.409381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.810215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.837537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.386437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.858258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.409381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.826722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.849882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.386437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.858258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.409381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.826722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.849882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14459.941251                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 14326.519355                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14438.091918                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65482.478971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 68685.985579                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66026.615678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79753.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22354.258006                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 23441.295199                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22603.403593                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86413.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65331.363565                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 66753.131739                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65599.481886                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79753.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86413.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22354.258006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65354.287298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 23441.295199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 67016.042532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65562.474500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79753.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86413.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22354.258006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65354.287298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 23441.295199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 67016.042532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65562.474500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     54128105                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     28070432                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       157240                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       157240                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129448592240922                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp      22587176                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     22730963                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       131614                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict     25716839                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2013558                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          225                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2013783                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      3470497                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      3470497                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       132126                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     22455050                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side       395866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side     81803695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          82199561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side     16879360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side   2417572480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size::total         2434451840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoops                    22522767                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             696444160                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples     50594223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.003108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.055662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0           50436983     99.69%     99.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1             157240      0.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total       50594223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    26003763207                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy     132018442                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy   26570229120                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129448592240922                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                  14847616                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::0                   250.759242                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::1                   244.083130                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::2                   239.512675                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::3                   230.599916                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::4                   228.352618                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::5                   218.896279                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::6                   222.221054                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::7                   211.547142                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::8                   199.375012                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::9                   222.057519                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::10                  209.650408                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::11                  223.294968                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::12                  238.010397                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::13                  241.879143                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::14                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::15                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::16                  237.406458                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::17                  232.847977                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::18                  223.953532                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::19                  214.920539                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::20                  206.813907                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::21                  202.909938                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::22                  192.302531                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::23                  185.216334                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::24                  200.969926                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::25                  192.540540                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::26                  207.311055                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::27                  214.477221                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::28                  239.734873                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::29                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::30                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::31                  114.549310                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::32                  232.172100                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::33                  223.162244                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::34                  212.832820                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::35                  203.883287                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::36                  196.418152                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::37                  186.617002                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::38                  178.648500                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::39                  176.448239                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::40                  181.802502                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::41                  183.250592                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::42                  167.698527                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::43                  211.101531                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::44                   76.785076                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::45                   90.041949                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::46                   80.679177                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::47                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::48                  223.370734                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::49                  213.765398                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::50                  203.379637                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::51                  194.417978                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::52                  186.019255                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::53                  176.354593                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::54                  165.241118                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::55                  167.101661                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::56                  164.857260                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::57                  153.488375                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::58                  130.292671                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::59                  108.500125                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::60                   99.285999                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::61                   87.971688                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::62                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::63                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::64                  214.582709                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::65                  204.133450                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::66                  194.187263                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::67                  185.045423                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::68                  175.901928                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::69                  166.485694                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::70                  157.476375                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::71                  155.841255                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::72                  151.189975                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::73                  134.111073                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::74                  139.011258                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::75                  100.703115                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::76                   91.791627                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::77                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::78                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::79                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::80                  205.026932                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::81                  194.943166                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::82                  185.203146                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::83                  175.936429                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::84                  167.876317                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::85                  158.806345                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::86                  152.926218                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::87                  146.346471                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::88                  134.355991                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::89                  134.807930                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::90                  102.724059                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::91                   94.635766                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::92                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::93                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::94                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::95                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::96                  195.469911                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::97                  185.966063                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::98                  176.603298                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::99                  168.223645                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::100                 160.286171                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::101                 153.277895                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::102                 146.043202                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::103                 135.505747                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::104                 134.818154                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::105                 113.922874                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::106                  93.440674                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::107                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::108                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::109                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::110                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::111                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::112                 186.667613                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::113                 177.906489                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::114                 169.619055                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::115                 160.932942                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::116                 153.745710                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::117                 146.577138                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::118                 134.579033                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::119                 131.041104                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::120                 110.735487                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::121                  99.270996                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::122                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::123                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::124                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::125                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::126                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::127                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::128                 177.713852                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::129                 170.668225                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::130                 162.703322                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::131                 153.929575                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::132                 146.473823                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::133                 133.853376                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::134                 127.637977                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::135                 114.217932                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::136                 103.097735                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::137                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::138                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::139                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::140                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::141                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::142                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::143                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::144                 170.364793                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::145                 162.222435                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::146                 155.250659                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::147                 146.536917                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::148                 134.444742                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::149                 124.109583                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::150                 112.097874                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::151                  98.161349                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::152                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::153                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::154                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::155                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::156                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::157                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::158                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::159                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::160                 160.627299                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::161                 152.900068                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::162                 148.590379                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::163                 134.839870                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::164                 121.211508                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::165                 116.215483                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::166                 103.060503                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::167                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::168                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::169                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::170                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::171                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::172                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::173                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::174                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::175                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::176                 151.085282                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::177                 144.502097                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::178                 133.786370                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::179                 124.303843                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::180                  99.314466                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::181                  65.724323                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::182                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::183                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::184                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::185                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::186                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::187                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::188                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::189                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::190                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::191                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::192                 138.341779                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::193                 129.346507                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::194                 104.364254                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::195                 110.665662                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::196                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::197                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::198                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::199                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::200                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::201                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::202                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::203                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::204                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::205                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::206                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::207                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::208                 114.505346                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::209                 128.640547                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::210                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::211                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::212                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::213                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::214                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::215                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::216                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::217                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::218                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::219                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::220                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::221                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::222                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::223                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::224                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::225                  99.189496                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::226                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::227                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::228                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::229                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::230                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::231                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::232                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::233                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::234                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::235                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::236                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::237                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::238                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::239                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::240                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::241                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::242                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::243                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::244                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::245                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::246                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::247                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::248                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::249                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::250                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::251                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::252                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::253                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::254                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::255                 187.518239                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::256                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::257                 183.647544                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::0                     3.213818                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::1                     5.392115                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::2                     7.616895                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::3                    11.610753                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::4                    12.197949                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::5                    16.176714                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::6                    14.489365                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::7                    19.848988                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::8                    23.914908                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::9                    14.159613                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::10                   20.604561                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::11                   14.267371                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::12                    7.638311                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::13                    6.177301                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::14                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::15                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::16                    9.698745                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::17                   11.569925                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::18                   15.710365                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::19                   19.729863                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::20                   23.172551                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::21                   24.402471                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::22                   29.994873                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::23                   31.003045                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::24                   24.683511                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::25                   28.576208                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::26                   22.106725                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::27                   17.973909                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::28                    6.782779                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::29                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::30                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::31                   65.650968                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::32                   12.382191                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::33                   16.483433                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::34                   21.283326                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::35                   25.368832                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::36                   28.432793                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::37                   33.154128                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::38                   35.588690                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::39                   35.991898                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::40                   33.608250                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::41                   33.350887                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::42                   40.406762                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::43                   18.196885                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::44                   47.659703                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::45                   78.874884                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::46                   79.326693                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::47                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::48                   16.478217                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::49                   21.120130                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::50                   25.964135                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::51                   29.925717                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::52                   33.599618                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::53                   37.425239                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::54                   43.398571                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::55                   40.520313                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::56                   41.713740                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::57                   47.222814                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::58                   61.073491                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::59                   69.317469                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::60                   72.901792                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::61                   76.887419                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::62                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::63                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::64                   20.789032                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::65                   25.680255                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::66                   30.361845                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::67                   34.445997                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::68                   38.224499                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::69                   42.780683                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::70                   46.393892                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::71                   46.039039                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::72                   48.411140                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::73                   57.546304                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::74                   54.233539                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::75                   71.504912                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::76                   74.167068                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::77                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::78                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::79                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::80                   25.304728                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::81                   30.078246                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::82                   34.563377                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::83                   38.451353                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::84                   42.144301                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::85                   45.935960                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::86                   47.805992                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::87                   51.020440                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::88                   56.620645                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::89                   55.522610                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::90                   70.600477                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::91                   71.619121                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::92                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::93                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::94                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::95                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::96                   29.915039                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::97                   34.301127                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::98                   38.451470                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::99                   42.031591                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::100                  45.315615                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::101                  48.057719                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::102                  51.284810                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::103                  56.209437                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::104                  56.487641                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::105                  64.833957                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::106                  71.420775                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::107                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::108                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::109                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::110                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::111                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::112                  34.118983                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::113                  37.960505                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::114                  41.545264                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::115                  45.204778                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::116                  48.128478                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::117                  51.129646                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::118                  56.093057                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::119                  57.387539                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::120                  67.445473                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::121                  70.958503                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::122                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::123                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::124                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::125                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::126                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::127                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::128                  38.043260                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::129                  40.819896                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::130                  44.368612                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::131                  48.624313                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::132                  51.541919                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::133                  56.960584                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::134                  59.446608                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::135                  65.240119                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::136                  71.143249                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::137                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::138                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::139                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::140                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::141                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::142                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::143                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::144                  40.998521                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::145                  44.592245                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::146                  47.766630                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::147                  52.228311                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::148                  57.301053                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::149                  61.557226                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::150                  66.488934                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::151                  70.785730                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::152                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::153                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::154                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::155                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::156                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::157                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::158                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::159                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::160                  45.505822                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::161                  49.265399                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::162                  51.152324                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::163                  57.245123                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::164                  63.568111                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::165                  64.464642                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::166                  71.548891                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::167                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::168                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::169                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::170                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::171                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::172                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::173                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::174                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::175                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::176                  50.453572                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::177                  53.365566                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::178                  58.526849                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::179                  62.048870                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::180                  60.334899                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::181                  33.933363                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::182                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::183                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::184                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::185                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::186                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::187                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::188                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::189                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::190                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::191                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::192                  56.478353                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::193                  61.499827                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::194                  58.550925                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::195                  60.710100                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::196                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::197                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::198                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::199                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::200                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::201                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::202                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::203                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::204                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::205                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::206                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::207                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::208                  61.751951                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::209                  58.021517                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::210                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::211                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::212                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::213                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::214                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::215                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::216                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::217                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::218                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::219                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::220                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::221                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::222                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::223                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::224                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::225                  66.126331                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::226                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::227                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::228                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::229                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::230                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::231                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::232                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::233                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::234                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::235                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::236                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::237                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::238                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::239                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::240                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::241                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::242                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::243                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::244                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::245                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::246                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::247                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::248                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::249                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::250                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::251                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::252                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::253                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::254                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::255                  29.126060                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::256                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::257                  34.254156                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::0                     0.495332                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::1                     3.264528                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::2                     4.794019                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::3                     7.423244                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::4                     8.252374                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::5                    10.548524                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::6                     9.731196                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::7                    12.463454                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::8                    17.475082                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::9                     9.921433                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::10                   13.213396                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::11                    9.044600                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::12                    3.633646                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::13                    3.579902                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::14                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::15                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::16                    5.398423                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::17                    7.521494                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::18                   10.306370                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::19                   13.015772                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::20                   15.309041                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::21                   16.388729                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::22                   19.500088                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::23                   22.468658                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::24                   17.279067                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::25                   18.955449                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::26                   15.506435                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::27                   12.563499                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::28                    3.836804                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::29                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::30                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::31                   47.365972                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::32                    7.666794                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::33                   11.077438                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::34                   14.433879                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::35                   17.075714                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::36                   19.319590                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::37                   21.954825                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::38                   25.277186                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::39                   26.706118                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::40                   24.954110                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::41                   25.539061                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::42                   30.634145                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::43                   14.359379                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::44                   27.139553                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::45                   55.565193                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::46                   53.120276                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::47                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::48                   11.346818                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::49                   14.734412                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::50                   18.065409                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::51                   20.627643                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::52                   23.264430                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::53                   26.701142                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::54                   29.716953                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::55                   30.867459                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::56                   32.703803                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::57                   35.806088                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::58                   43.138823                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::59                   49.633513                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::60                   60.994603                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::61                   61.886007                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::62                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::63                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::64                   15.111498                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::65                   18.418478                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::66                   21.497092                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::67                   24.320839                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::68                   27.515238                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::69                   30.499264                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::70                   34.051541                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::71                   35.964797                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::72                   36.474058                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::73                   42.747320                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::74                   41.597300                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::75                   58.393660                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::76                   65.031181                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::77                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::78                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::79                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::80                   18.752665                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::81                   21.944292                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::82                   25.139697                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::83                   28.172329                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::84                   30.657265                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::85                   34.300213                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::86                   37.108742                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::87                   39.443817                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::88                   42.308213                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::89                   45.263782                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::90                   55.507794                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::91                   63.574713                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::92                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::93                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::94                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::95                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::96                   22.536196                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::97                   25.585740                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::98                   28.681844                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::99                   31.207217                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::100                  34.177760                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::101                  36.839322                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::102                  39.478417                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::103                  44.501102                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::104                  45.159330                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::105                  52.753745                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::106                  60.830743                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::107                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::108                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::109                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::110                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::111                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::112                  25.994716                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::113                  28.721032                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::114                  31.361063                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::115                  34.123605                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::116                  36.774283                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::117                  39.205033                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::118                  45.054353                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::119                  46.013682                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::120                  51.093580                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::121                  54.665946                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::122                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::123                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::124                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::125                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::126                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::127                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::128                  29.343898                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::129                  31.574456                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::130                  34.256631                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::131                  36.766505                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::132                  39.432713                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::133                  44.936294                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::134                  47.746586                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::135                  51.722062                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::136                  54.720718                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::137                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::138                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::139                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::140                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::141                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::142                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::143                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::144                  31.851619                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::145                  34.805673                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::146                  36.729265                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::147                  39.364138                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::148                  44.732667                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::149                  48.212263                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::150                  51.996887                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::151                  57.625474                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::152                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::153                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::154                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::155                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::156                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::157                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::158                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::159                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::160                  35.614827                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::161                  37.245547                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::162                  39.540653                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::163                  44.381207                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::164                  46.658915                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::165                  48.853871                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::166                  53.125303                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::167                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::168                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::169                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::170                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::171                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::172                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::173                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::174                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::175                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::176                  38.601268                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::177                  41.330891                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::178                  44.733059                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::179                  49.709570                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::180                  50.328446                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::181                  30.606585                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::182                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::183                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::184                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::185                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::186                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::187                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::188                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::189                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::190                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::191                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::192                  44.239052                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::193                  46.026188                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::194                  45.451574                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::195                  49.536061                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::196                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::197                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::198                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::199                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::200                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::201                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::202                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::203                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::204                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::205                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::206                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::207                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::208                  45.565377                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::209                  62.754854                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::210                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::211                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::212                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::213                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::214                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::215                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::216                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::217                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::218                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::219                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::220                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::221                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::222                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::223                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::224                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::225                  66.126331                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::226                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::227                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::228                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::229                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::230                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::231                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::232                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::233                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::234                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::235                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::236                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::237                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::238                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::239                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::240                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::241                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::242                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::243                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::244                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::245                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::246                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::247                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::248                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::249                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::250                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::251                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::252                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::253                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::254                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::255                  25.719554                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::256                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::257                  25.804130                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::0                     0.265838                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::1                     2.250784                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::2                     3.012354                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::3                     5.508204                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::4                     6.458304                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::5                     9.588906                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::6                     8.719375                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::7                    11.135747                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::8                    14.371468                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::9                     8.397897                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::10                   11.303846                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::11                    8.167219                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::12                    3.239955                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::13                    2.990266                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::14                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::15                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::16                    2.517631                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::17                    3.300215                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::18                    5.193609                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::19                    7.565054                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::20                    9.626640                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::21                   11.599599                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::22                   13.546498                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::23                   16.474157                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::24                   11.928646                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::25                   14.839766                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::26                    9.835011                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::27                    9.159452                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::28                    3.411418                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::29                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::30                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::31                   23.240371                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::32                    2.688433                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::33                    4.583291                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::34                    6.550727                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::35                    9.005532                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::36                   11.133030                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::37                   13.411946                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::38                   15.722723                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::39                   15.940452                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::40                   14.752497                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::41                   12.659575                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::42                   15.906374                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::43                    8.857011                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::44                   17.872388                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::45                   27.019195                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::46                   30.363243                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::47                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::48                    3.806196                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::49                    5.650166                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::50                    7.906307                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::51                   10.271904                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::52                   12.435826                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::53                   14.835996                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::54                   16.972837                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::55                   16.537263                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::56                   15.653203                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::57                   17.959503                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::58                   18.872182                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::59                   24.735677                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::60                   19.893941                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::61                   27.877253                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::62                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::63                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::64                    4.811340                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::65                    6.955160                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::66                    9.227907                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::67                   11.465144                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::68                   13.700261                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::69                   15.363893                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::70                   17.254875                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::71                   17.177013                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::72                   18.855066                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::73                   20.328289                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::74                   17.483371                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::75                   22.879357                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::76                   23.494595                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::77                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::78                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::79                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::80                    6.115471                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::81                    8.198278                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::82                   10.364810                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::83                   12.655121                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::84                   14.608945                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::85                   16.130446                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::86                   17.278391                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::87                   18.374681                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::88                   21.398586                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::89                   18.337964                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::90                   24.257312                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::91                   24.185887                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::92                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::93                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::94                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::95                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::96                    7.217172                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::97                    9.315843                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::98                   11.580305                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::99                   13.705534                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::100                  15.484971                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::101                  16.783501                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::102                  18.158612                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::103                  18.533978                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::104                  18.129104                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::105                  23.698297                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::106                  27.510500                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::107                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::108                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::109                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::110                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::111                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::112                   8.479910                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::113                  10.580545                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::114                  12.800087                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::115                  14.760123                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::116                  16.472219                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::117                  17.925868                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::118                  19.029357                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::119                  20.235868                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::120                  25.368799                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::121                  28.623115                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::122                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::123                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::124                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::125                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::126                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::127                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::128                   9.916325                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::129                  11.825551                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::130                  13.800737                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::131                  15.927377                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::132                  17.678326                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::133                  18.862577                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::134                  19.819410                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::135                  23.403586                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::136                  25.959114                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::137                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::138                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::139                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::140                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::141                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::142                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::143                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::144                  11.717754                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::145                  13.317975                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::146                  15.033787                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::147                  16.844386                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::148                  18.528795                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::149                  21.084495                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::150                  24.031231                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::151                  28.556508                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::152                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::153                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::154                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::155                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::156                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::157                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::158                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::159                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::160                  13.174571                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::161                  15.202422                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::162                  15.473196                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::163                  18.172742                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::164                  22.924378                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::165                  25.043492                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::166                  27.530381                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::167                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::168                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::169                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::170                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::171                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::172                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::173                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::174                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::175                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::176                  13.426450                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::177                  15.287182                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::178                  17.344151                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::179                  18.347099                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::180                  16.884710                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::181                  19.664273                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::182                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::183                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::184                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::185                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::186                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::187                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::188                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::189                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::190                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::191                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::192                  13.497323                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::193                  17.492594                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::194                  14.919020                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::195                  18.688520                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::196                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::197                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::198                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::199                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::200                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::201                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::202                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::203                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::204                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::205                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::206                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::207                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::208                  17.863961                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::209                   3.463936                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::210                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::211                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::212                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::213                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::214                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::215                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::216                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::217                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::218                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::219                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::220                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::221                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::222                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::223                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::224                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::225                  10.391281                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::226                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::227                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::228                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::229                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::230                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::231                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::232                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::233                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::234                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::235                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::236                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::237                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::238                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::239                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::240                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::241                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::242                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::243                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::244                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::245                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::246                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::247                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::248                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::249                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::250                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::251                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::252                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::253                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::254                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::255                  13.636139                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::256                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::257                  12.294162                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::0                     370438                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::1                    1016167                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::2                    1914122                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::3                    4321697                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::4                    3340443                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::5                    5061444                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::6                    5599998                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::7                    5491458                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::8                    9703791                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::9                    2543754                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::10                   2335142                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::11                   4388831                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::12                     81610                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::13                   1831624                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::14                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::15                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::16                   1981275                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::17                   5398780                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::18                  12940010                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::19                  14478641                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::20                  13122072                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::21                  16531906                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::22                  15378811                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::23                  16046153                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::24                   3174246                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::25                   3520580                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::26                   2118254                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::27                    682777                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::28                    508810                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::29                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::30                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::31                      6692                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::32                   8073294                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::33                  23430490                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::34                  39710746                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::35                  46387031                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::36                  44179312                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::37                  43494745                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::38                  36845577                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::39                   8560072                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::40                   5141707                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::41                   3768556                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::42                    193363                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::43                     23066                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::44                       116                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::45                      5767                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::46                      1494                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::47                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::48                  20587687                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::49                  53073850                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::50                  86212633                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::51                  90862591                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::52                  78531849                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::53                  69846739                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::54                  24366853                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::55                  10013293                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::56                   7845076                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::57                   1388723                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::58                     29767                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::59                      7677                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::60                      8676                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::61                    293056                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::62                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::63                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::64                  36265234                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::65                  91612862                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::66                 133184510                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::67                 125996698                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::68                 101616285                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::69                  46620364                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::70                  25410849                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::71                  15761671                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::72                   6156713                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::73                    508544                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::74                     26200                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::75                     27387                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::76                     83662                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::77                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::78                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::79                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::80                  49119096                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::81                 105513591                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::82                 137104928                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::83                 123239419                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::84                  69618721                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::85                  40993548                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::86                  26223094                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::87                  11290410                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::88                   4203390                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::89                    517743                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::90                     35681                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::91                    211895                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::92                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::93                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::94                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::95                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::96                  43332790                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::97                  82553629                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::98                 103532636                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::99                  74098166                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::100                 48299038                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::101                 27150956                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::102                 12952736                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::103                  3386263                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::104                  1071767                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::105                   357840                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::106                    59850                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::107                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::108                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::109                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::110                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::111                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::112                 28629868                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::113                 50627115                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::114                 53342189                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::115                 38322373                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::116                 23383904                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::117                  9948235                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::118                  3559400                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::119                   850110                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::120                   163111                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::121                    29852                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::122                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::123                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::124                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::125                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::126                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::127                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::128                 13548918                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::129                 21207223                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::130                 21504148                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::131                 13440595                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::132                  6341136                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::133                  1607109                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::134                   495767                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::135                   137307                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::136                    36968                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::137                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::138                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::139                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::140                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::141                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::142                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::143                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::144                  4483880                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::145                  7018391                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::146                  5885803                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::147                  2831843                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::148                   758110                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::149                   199728                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::150                    63176                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::151                     7397                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::152                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::153                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::154                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::155                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::156                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::157                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::158                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::159                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::160                  1236526                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::161                  1511574                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::162                   944617                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::163                   242944                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::164                    54243                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::165                     6249                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::166                     1375                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::167                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::168                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::169                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::170                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::171                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::172                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::173                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::174                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::175                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::176                   259402                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::177                   181088                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::178                    60773                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::179                    10369                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::180                     1125                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::181                      348                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::182                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::183                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::184                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::185                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::186                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::187                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::188                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::189                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::190                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::191                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::192                    22278                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::193                    11908                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::194                     1714                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::195                      584                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::196                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::197                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::198                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::199                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::200                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::201                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::202                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::203                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::204                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::205                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::206                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::207                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::208                      524                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::209                      510                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::210                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::211                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::212                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::213                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::214                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::215                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::216                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::217                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::218                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::219                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::220                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::221                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::222                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::223                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::224                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::225                      105                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::226                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::227                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::228                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::229                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::230                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::231                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::232                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::233                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::234                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::235                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::236                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::237                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::238                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::239                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::240                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::241                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::242                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::243                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::244                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::245                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::246                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::247                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::248                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::249                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::250                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::251                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::252                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::253                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::254                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::255                630262770                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::256                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::257                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::total             3348146180                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::0                       4718                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::1                      22744                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::2                      62016                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::3                     218139                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::4                     175566                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::5                     370711                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::6                     356091                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::7                     503626                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::8                    1105523                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::9                     149985                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::10                    224591                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::11                    259562                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::12                      2049                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::13                     39348                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::14                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::15                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::16                     82391                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::17                    265327                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::18                    905806                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::19                   1327595                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::20                   1464792                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::21                   1979659                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::22                   2409019                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::23                   2696814                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::24                    374448                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::25                    518524                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::26                    173900                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::27                     56710                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::28                     11057                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::29                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::30                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::31                      4154                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::32                    428825                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::33                   1728388                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::34                   3972642                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::35                   5780515                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::36                   6407696                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::37                   7760933                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::38                   7340652                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::39                   1747140                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::40                    937309                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::41                    680587                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::42                     45268                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::43                      2209                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::44                        72                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::45                      5010                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::46                      1384                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::47                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::48                   1514847                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::49                   5239227                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::50                  11001961                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::51                  14003270                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::52                  14207576                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::53                  14870333                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::54                   6429354                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::55                   2425217                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::56                   1977565                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::57                    422004                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::58                     13470                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::59                      4788                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::60                      6471                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::61                    258375                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::62                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::63                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::64                   3507651                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::65                  11524191                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::66                  20849077                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::67                  23498416                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::68                  22129612                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::69                  12033746                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::70                   7530336                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::71                   4664394                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::72                   1968937                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::73                    212346                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::74                     10544                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::75                     19416                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::76                     67205                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::77                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::78                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::79                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::80                   6060312                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::81                  16287372                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::82                  25615702                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::83                  26987183                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::84                  17536940                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::85                  11895020                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::86                   8206063                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::87                   3989511                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::88                   1808050                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::89                    202486                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::90                     24746                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::91                    163381                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::92                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::93                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::94                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::95                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::96                   6636906                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::97                  15226914                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::98                  22570864                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::99                  18562520                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::100                 13712762                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::101                  8540127                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::102                  4553861                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::103                  1413988                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::104                   448849                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::105                   202811                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::106                    45269                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::107                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::108                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::109                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::110                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::111                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::112                  5238265                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::113                 10811442                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::114                 13082556                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::115                 10780296                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::116                  7340955                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::117                  3484240                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::118                  1498520                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::119                   376074                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::120                    99876                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::121                    21371                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::122                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::123                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::124                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::125                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::126                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::127                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::128                  2903419                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::129                  5065166                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::130                  5874673                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::131                  4258133                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::132                  2241540                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::133                   695759                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::134                   237046                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::135                    79260                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::136                    25648                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::137                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::138                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::139                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::140                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::141                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::142                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::143                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::144                  1079209                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::145                  1931901                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::146                  1825584                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::147                  1017030                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::148                   331204                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::149                   101505                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::150                    37558                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::151                     5348                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::152                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::153                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::154                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::155                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::156                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::157                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::158                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::159                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::160                   355647                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::161                   486262                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::162                   331493                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::163                   107754                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::164                    28850                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::165                     3561                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::166                      881                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::167                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::168                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::169                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::170                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::171                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::172                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::173                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::174                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::175                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::176                    86708                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::177                    66757                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::178                    26576                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::179                     5487                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::180                      668                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::181                      174                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::182                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::183                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::184                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::185                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::186                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::187                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::188                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::189                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::190                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::191                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::192                     9067                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::193                     5729                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::194                      895                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::195                      327                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::196                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::197                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::198                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::199                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::200                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::201                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::202                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::203                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::204                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::205                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::206                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::207                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::208                      241                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::209                      236                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::210                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::211                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::212                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::213                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::214                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::215                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::216                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::217                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::218                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::219                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::220                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::221                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::222                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::223                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::224                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::225                       70                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::226                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::227                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::228                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::229                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::230                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::231                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::232                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::233                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::234                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::235                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::236                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::237                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::238                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::239                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::240                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::241                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::242                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::243                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::244                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::245                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::246                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::247                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::248                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::249                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::250                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::251                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::252                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::253                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::254                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::255                 97244559                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::256                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::257                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::total              622890981                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::0                        722                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::1                      13825                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::2                      38536                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::3                     139185                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::4                     118796                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::5                     242495                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::6                     238659                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::7                     311303                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::8                     798589                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::9                     104824                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::10                    145067                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::11                    168325                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::12                       836                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::13                     22186                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::14                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::15                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::16                     46579                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::17                    174170                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::18                    596325                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::19                    873756                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::20                    967187                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::21                   1328224                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::22                   1557486                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::23                   1950486                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::24                    263939                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::25                    344162                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::26                    120358                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::27                     39217                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::28                      6156                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::29                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::30                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::31                      2998                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::32                    270081                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::33                   1167415                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::34                   2690276                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::35                   3878364                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::36                   4341934                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::37                   5105820                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::38                   5202749                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::39                   1291826                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::40                    692156                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::41                    528126                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::42                     34480                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::43                      1612                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::44                        41                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::45                      3558                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::46                       913                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::47                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::48                   1055884                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::49                   3666144                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::50                   7644201                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::51                   9624147                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::52                   9807282                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::53                  10564597                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::54                   4371845                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::55                   1838832                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::56                   1555708                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::57                    320641                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::58                      9568                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::59                      3435                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::60                      5379                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::61                    204759                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::62                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::63                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::64                   2562788                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::65                   8258289                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::66                  14716622                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::67                  16520628                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::68                  15866701                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::69                   8554598                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::70                   5499338                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::71                   3642220                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::72                   1480535                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::73                    156962                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::74                      7877                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::75                     15702                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::76                     59011                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::77                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::78                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::79                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::80                   4511556                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::81                  11872941                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::82                  18548872                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::83                  19694189                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::84                  12711936                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::85                   8859389                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::86                   6357338                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::87                   3076141                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::88                   1331235                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::89                    164581                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::90                     19202                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::91                    139184                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::92                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::93                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::94                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::95                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::96                   5015715                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::97                  11351719                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::98                  16788211                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::99                  13730639                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::100                 10300595                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::101                  6520165                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::102                  3495745                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::103                  1117218                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::104                   357421                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::105                   162487                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::106                    37541                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::107                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::108                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::109                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::110                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::111                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::112                  4001760                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::113                  8165749                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::114                  9844134                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::115                  8109097                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::116                  5581467                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::117                  2663351                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::118                  1191773                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::119                   298588                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::120                    74828                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::121                    16799                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::122                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::123                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::124                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::125                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::126                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::127                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::128                  2248734                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::129                  3919451                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::130                  4518830                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::131                  3198633                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::132                  1703743                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::133                   541971                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::134                   187709                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::135                    60869                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::136                    19947                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::137                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::138                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::139                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::140                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::141                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::142                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::143                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::144                   842016                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::145                  1495447                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::146                  1383908                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::147                   760250                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::148                   253736                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::149                    79106                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::150                    28990                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::151                     4382                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::152                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::153                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::154                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::155                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::156                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::157                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::158                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::159                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::160                   277285                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::161                   363817                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::162                   253313                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::163                    80801                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::164                    21031                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::165                     2671                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::166                      743                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::167                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::168                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::169                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::170                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::171                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::172                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::173                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::174                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::175                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::176                    65484                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::177                    51133                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::178                    20299                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::179                     4275                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::180                      561                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::181                      174                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::182                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::183                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::184                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::185                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::186                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::187                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::188                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::189                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::190                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::191                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::192                     7140                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::193                     4294                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::194                      740                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::195                      287                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::196                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::197                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::198                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::199                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::200                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::201                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::202                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::203                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::204                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::205                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::206                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::207                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::208                      192                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::209                      268                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::210                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::211                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::212                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::213                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::214                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::215                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::216                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::217                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::218                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::219                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::220                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::221                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::222                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::223                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::224                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::225                       70                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::226                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::227                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::228                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::229                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::230                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::231                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::232                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::233                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::234                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::235                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::236                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::237                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::238                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::239                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::240                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::241                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::242                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::243                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::244                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::245                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::246                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::247                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::248                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::249                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::250                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::251                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::252                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::253                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::254                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::255                 85137045                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::256                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::257                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::total              467488346                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::0                        442                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::1                       9408                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::2                      24366                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::3                     103827                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::4                      94859                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::5                     220774                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::6                     218564                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::7                     282285                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::8                     675745                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::9                      88349                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::10                    124512                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::11                    146610                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::12                       753                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::13                     18138                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::14                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::15                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::16                     20955                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::17                     76091                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::18                    299619                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::19                    512456                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::20                    611069                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::21                    945619                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::22                   1090140                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::23                   1437747                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::24                    181223                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::25                    274398                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::26                     76832                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::27                     28976                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::28                      5177                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::29                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::30                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::31                      1516                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::32                     90520                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::33                    476907                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::34                   1223392                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::35                   2055082                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::36                   2512850                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::37                   3159526                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::38                   3261518                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::39                    777026                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::40                    412700                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::41                    247179                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::42                     18217                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::43                      1017                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::44                        27                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::45                      1793                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::46                       561                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::47                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::48                    342894                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::49                   1397675                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::50                   3359061                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::51                   4821608                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::52                   5288429                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::53                   5916411                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::54                   2524620                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::55                    990754                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::56                    730707                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::57                    160344                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::58                      4283                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::59                      1764                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::60                      1746                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::61                     95778                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::62                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::63                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::64                    806471                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::65                   3119090                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::66                   6361471                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::67                   7861506                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::68                   7958090                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::69                   4321532                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::70                   2815157                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::71                   1733955                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::72                    763351                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::73                     74468                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::74                      3507                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::75                      6103                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::76                     21290                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::77                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::78                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::79                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::80                   1451820                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::81                   4441936                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::82                   7713538                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::83                   8897513                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::84                   6070579                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::85                   4178699                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::86                   2975169                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::87                   1432994                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::88                    705709                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::89                     64950                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::90                      8691                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::91                     59236                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::92                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::93                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::94                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::95                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::96                   1591869                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::97                   4128538                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::98                   6801729                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::99                   6047459                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::100                  4692149                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::101                  2981712                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::102                  1612186                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::103                   469987                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::104                   144107                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::105                    76094                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::106                    17852                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::107                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::108                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::109                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::110                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::111                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::112                  1291195                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::113                  3002158                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::114                  4021681                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::115                  3520394                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::116                  2517610                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::117                  1220782                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::118                   513827                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::119                   134364                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::120                    37993                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::121                     8522                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::122                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::123                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::124                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::125                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::126                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::127                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::128                   747761                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::129                  1457440                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::130                  1826765                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::131                  1403823                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::132                   772269                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::133                   234073                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::134                    80438                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::135                    28996                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::136                     9597                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::137                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::138                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::139                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::140                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::141                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::142                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::143                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::144                   306447                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::145                   583765                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::146                   581505                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::147                   331933                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::148                   108982                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::149                    34637                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::150                    13636                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::151                     2073                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::152                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::153                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::154                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::155                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::156                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::157                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::158                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::159                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::160                   102766                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::161                   151499                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::162                   102065                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::163                    34933                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::164                    10308                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::165                     1343                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::166                      329                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::167                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::168                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::169                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::170                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::171                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::172                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::173                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::174                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::175                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::176                    23606                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::177                    19486                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::178                     8064                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::179                     1629                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::180                      206                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::181                       72                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::182                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::183                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::184                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::185                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::186                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::187                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::188                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::189                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::190                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::191                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::192                     2219                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::193                     1621                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::194                      235                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::195                       82                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::196                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::197                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::198                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::199                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::200                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::201                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::202                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::203                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::204                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::205                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::206                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::207                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::208                       67                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::209                       10                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::210                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::211                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::212                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::213                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::214                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::215                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::216                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::217                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::218                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::219                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::220                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::221                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::222                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::223                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::224                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::225                       11                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::226                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::227                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::228                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::229                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::230                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::231                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::232                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::233                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::234                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::235                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::236                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::237                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::238                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::239                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::240                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::241                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::242                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::243                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::244                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::245                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::246                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::247                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::248                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::249                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::250                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::251                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::252                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::253                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::254                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::255                 46124010                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::256                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::257                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::total              221232573                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::0                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::1                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::2                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::3                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::4                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::5                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::6                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::7                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::8                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::0                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::1                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::2                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::3                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::4                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::5                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::6                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::7                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::8                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::total                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::0                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::1                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::2                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::3                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::4                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::total                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::0                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::1                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::2                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::3                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::total                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 65056.150733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                    25920131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                  14913023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                      1.738087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13111.464828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.042131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.006984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   482.854683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 46871.450981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst    31.162622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data  4559.168504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.200065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.007368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.715202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.069567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1060                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        36748                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        17256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998032                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                1435565668                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses               1435565668                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129448592240922                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     10881918                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         10881918                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1568                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          310                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 1878                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       925601                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       179583                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               1105184                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        36217                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4990964                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        10476                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1188681                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           6226338                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         36217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5916565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        10476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1368264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  7331522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        36217                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5916565                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        10476                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1368264                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 7331522                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1803312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       378783                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             2182095                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3751                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10269374                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1272                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2357919                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        12632320                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     12072686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2736702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total               14814415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3751                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     12072686                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2736702                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total              14814415                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152231243706                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  33003551079                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  185234794785                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       144855                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       158175                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    347383935                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 850279642560                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    116026857                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 202390092315                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1053133448697                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst        144855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data        158175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    347383935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1002510886266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    116026857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 235393643394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     1238368243482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       144855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       158175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    347383935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1002510886266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    116026857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 235393643394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    1238368243482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     10881918                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     10881918                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1583                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          310                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             1893                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2728913                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       558366                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3287279                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        39968                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15260338                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst        11748                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      3546600                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      18858658                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        39968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17989251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst        11748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      4104966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total             22145937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        39968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17989251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst        11748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      4104966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total            22145937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009476                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.007924                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.660817                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.678378                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.663800                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093850                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672945                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.108274                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.664839                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.669842                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.108274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.666681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.668945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.108274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.666681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.668945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84417.584814                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 87130.497089                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84888.510713                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72427.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79087.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92611.019728                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82797.611866                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 91216.082547                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 85834.200545                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83368.173756                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72427.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79087.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92611.019728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83039.589224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 91216.082547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 86013.619091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83592.112377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72427.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79087.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92611.019728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83039.589224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 91216.082547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 86013.619091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83592.112377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks              6210697                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                   6210697                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       170231                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        170231                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1803312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       378783                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        2182095                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3751                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10269374                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1272                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2357919                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     12632320                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12072686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2736702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          14814415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst             2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data             2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12072686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2736702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         14814415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       225995                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       225995                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 139921747236                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  30418004104                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 170339751340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       130978                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       144407                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    321779359                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 780180432684                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    107338970                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 186294856411                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 966904682809                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       130978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       144407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    321779359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 920102179920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    107338970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 216712860515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1137244434149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       130978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       144407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    321779359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 920102179920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    107338970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 216712860515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1137244434149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009476                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007924                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.660817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.678378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.663800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.108274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.664839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.669842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.108274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.666681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.668945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.108274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.666681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.668945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15066.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15066.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77591.535595                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 80304.565157                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78062.481853                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        65489                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72203.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85784.953079                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75971.566785                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 84385.982704                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 79008.166273                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76542.130251                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        65489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72203.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85784.953079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76213.543525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 84385.982704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 79187.598984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76766.071029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        65489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72203.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85784.953079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76213.543525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 84385.982704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 79187.598984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76766.071029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      29562982                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     14748567                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129448592240922                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12632320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6210697                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          8537855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2182095                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2182095                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      12632320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     22172010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     22205387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total     44377397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               44377397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    672724096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    672883072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total   1345607168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1345607168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          14814430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                14814430    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            14814430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         32367217432                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         32367516280                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        79974659600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            222989998                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            9646585                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        232636583                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           136572197                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           1151716                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       137723913                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            359562195                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           10798301                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        370360496                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1010798302                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                48                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1010798350                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 2495595716190                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               6801115649                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1000000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     877598555                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses       95011901                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls            58830006                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts    126454953                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            877598555                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts              95011901                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   1176332798                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    568116156                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads     87675591                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes     59339336                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             370360496                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           232636583                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts          137723913                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       21981.845244                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       6801093667.154756                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999997                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000003                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                 200814718                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass      64572596      6.39%      6.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         520089410     51.45%     57.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult           409092      0.04%     57.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     57.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd        29445354      2.91%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp        22030604      2.18%     62.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt         1666848      0.16%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult         253783      0.03%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv          408804      0.04%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt            103      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead        200994844     19.88%     83.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite       129720459     12.83%     95.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead     33202951      3.28%     99.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite      8003454      0.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1010798302                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.lookups     125227615                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condPredicted     86843990                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condIncorrect      1717606                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBLookups     60686327                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHits      54485300                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHitPct    89.781838                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.usedRAS      13186678                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.RASInCorrect        17160                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectLookups      3397506                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectHits      3302749                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectMisses        94757                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPredindirectMispredicted        13905                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_hits           85901765                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_misses         16213092                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_acv                 761                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_accesses      102114857                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_hits          48718259                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_misses         3427701                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_accesses      52145960                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_hits          134620024                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_misses         19640793                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_acv                 761                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_accesses      154260817                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_hits          94581232                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_misses           30239                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_accesses      94611471                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 2495595716190                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.numCycles              693141558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.icacheStallCycles     97471438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Insts            587766773                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Branches         125227615                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.predictedBranches     70974727                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Cycles           586364068                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.SquashCycles       8141990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.TlbCycles            12628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4661                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      3915885                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          138                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.CacheLines        94581232                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1272072                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.ItlbSquashes            34                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::samples    691839813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.849571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.049863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::0      562234546     81.27%     81.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::1       12672773      1.83%     83.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::2       19937797      2.88%     85.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::3       18812751      2.72%     88.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::4       19454020      2.81%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::5       15240321      2.20%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::6        8137409      1.18%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::7        6863554      0.99%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::8       28486642      4.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::total    691839813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.branchRate        0.180667                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rate              0.847975                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.IdleCycles       63521083                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BlockedCycles    526852623                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.RunCycles        88537058                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.UnblockCycles      9127476                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashCycles      3801572                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchResolved     48326485                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchMispred       270012                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.DecodedInsts    516386933                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashedInsts      1001131                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SquashCycles      3801572                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IdleCycles       67391803                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.BlockCycles     257288926                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializeStallCycles    142932990                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RunCycles        92369636                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UnblockCycles    128054885                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedInsts    500244074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.ROBFullEvents       945697                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IQFullEvents     13411856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.LQFullEvents     94374035                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SQFullEvents     24494179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedOperands    321284884                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenameLookups    645883327                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.int_rename_lookups    576510473                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.fp_rename_lookups     69201703                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.CommittedMaps    134001963                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UndoneMaps      187282878                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializingInsts      1164431                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.tempSerializingInsts       531423                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.skidInsts        42075800                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedLoads    115653924                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedStores     58612162                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3025541                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingStores      2659465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsAdded        461997277                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       973211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsIssued       378283338                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       197908                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    262970436                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    151792425                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       307613                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    691839813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.357875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    555767826     80.33%     80.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     42625467      6.16%     86.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     30400962      4.39%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     21906357      3.17%     94.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     17628061      2.55%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10530822      1.52%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      6551107      0.95%     99.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4769808      0.69%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1659403      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    691839813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        262413      3.69%      3.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      3.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      3.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          128      0.00%      3.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp         6713      0.09%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            1      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            5      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      3.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemRead      4552372     64.09%     67.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      1914596     26.95%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead       171121      2.41%     97.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite       195691      2.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       174012      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    205347170     54.28%     54.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87093      0.02%     54.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     54.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      8663497      2.29%     56.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      6841823      1.81%     58.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       387700      0.10%     58.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        57778      0.02%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        87054      0.02%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt           16      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     87537574     23.14%     81.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     50491362     13.35%     95.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead     16173377      4.28%     99.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      2434882      0.64%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::total    378283338                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.rate                 0.545752                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_cnt           7103040                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.018777                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1386033136                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    614005486                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    319770152                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     69674298                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    111946390                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     28693233                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_alu_accesses    350192580                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_alu_accesses      35019786                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9323627                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     67926668                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        25032                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        11032                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     29383335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          399                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      2469389                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewSquashCycles      3801572                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewBlockCycles     153654252                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewUnblockCycles     83590502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    486126241                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       127998                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    115653924                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     58612162                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       528683                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIQFullEvents      1251435                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     82090498                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        11032                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       755882                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134483                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.branchMispredicts      1890365                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecutedInsts    374069794                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    102120221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4213541                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_nop            23155753                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_refs          154268087                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_branches       72317263                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_stores         52147866                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_rate           0.539673                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_sent            368883364                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_count           348463385                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_producers       176387322                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_consumers       258698425                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_rate             0.502730                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_fanout           0.681826                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitSquashedInsts    228833670                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       665598                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branchMispredicts      1448183                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    660251043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.323505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    605952941     91.78%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19958379      3.02%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6024015      0.91%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3745409      0.57%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3307682      0.50%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2553035      0.39%     97.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1911965      0.29%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1496855      0.23%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     15300762      2.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    660251043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedInsts    213594410                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedOps    213594410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.refs             76956073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.loads            47727246                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.membars            332799                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branches         42872050                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.fp_insts         19258208                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.int_insts       185197309                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.function_calls      6276853                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass     13768422      6.45%      6.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    110964867     51.95%     58.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        87084      0.04%     58.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      6284834      2.94%     61.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp      4706081      2.20%     63.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt       352967      0.17%     63.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult        54220      0.03%     63.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv        87048      0.04%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt           15      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     41999437     19.66%     83.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     27516392     12.88%     96.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      6060608      2.84%     99.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      1712435      0.80%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::total    213594410                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.bw_lim_events     15300762                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_reads         1056897014                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_writes         916495649                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus_1.timesIdled                 21015                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus_1.idleCycles               1301745                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus_1.committedInsts         200000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.committedOps           200000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi                     3.465708                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi_total               3.465708                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc                     0.288541                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc_total               0.288541                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_reads      474394714                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_writes     218477109                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_reads        26271125                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_writes       19748611                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_reads        925591                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_writes       752604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     44292609                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     22146672                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         269317                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       269317                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129448592240922                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          18858658                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     17092615                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        19899780                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1893                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1893                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3287279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3287279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     18858658                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     66440439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side   2113782720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                        14847616                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                 397484608                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples         36995446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.007280                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.085010                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0               36726129     99.27%     99.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                 269317      0.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total           36995446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        18373117491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy       14749824411                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
