
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.147141                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3147140636406                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               130100137161138                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 140262                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   140262                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              294282759                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2457416                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10694.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1500000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1500000009                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130100137161138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       675712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    363263296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst       502848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data    199224000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         563665984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       675712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst       502848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      1178688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks    233704704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      233704704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        10558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      5675989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst         7857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data      3112875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            8807281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks      3651636                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           3651636                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.inst                41                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       214707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    115426458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst       159779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data     63303177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            179104161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           41                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       214707                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst       159779                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          374527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       74259377                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            74259377                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       74259377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.inst               41                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       214707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    115426458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst       159779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data     63303177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           253363539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    8807281                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   3651636                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  8807281                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 3651636                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             563410432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 255552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              233703424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              563665984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           233704704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  3993                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           543970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           556565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           555740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           536922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           536793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           558603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           566024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           563148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           574275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           553561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          535668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          536648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          532268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          551314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          554789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          547000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           226805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           226530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           231121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           218818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           220702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           232824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           239127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           237593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           238399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           226994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          222739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          226665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          218341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          226821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          232986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          225151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3147140165544                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              8807281                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             3651636                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                8151249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                 575761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  71756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   4516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                125387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                130647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                205900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                211860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                212257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                212272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                212303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                212230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                212256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                212399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                212309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                214789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                212830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                212471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                213010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                215130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                211762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                211701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      7760124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.719043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.003682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    97.088229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5835687     75.20%     75.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1328849     17.12%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       333613      4.30%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511       138524      1.79%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        70461      0.91%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        30711      0.40%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11496      0.15%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5848      0.08%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4935      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      7760124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       211686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     41.586378                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.918435                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    52.523039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       211684    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       211686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       211686                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.250154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.219550                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.021634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           81370     38.44%     38.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            4575      2.16%     40.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18          117782     55.64%     96.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            7375      3.48%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             545      0.26%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              38      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       211686                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                187902503526                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           352964153526                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               44016440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    21344.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               40094.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      179.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       74.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   179.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    74.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 4627831                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  66943                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                52.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                1.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    252601.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   37.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             27767167260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             14758580430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            31542842100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            9570974400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        249625587120.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        193828558140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          6108518400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   1050445775250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   140021803680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy     13148387205                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1736848451145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           551.881421                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        2706103249267                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4224597663                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 105641440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  37853786580                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 364640635016                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 331170917683                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 2303609259464                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             27640160940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             14691090150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            31312634220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            9490461120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        249647714160.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        193731910650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          6127785120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   1048162280580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   141312178560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy     13742168520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1735889403060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           551.576684                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        2706254101550                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4313755825                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 105652684000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  39661195643                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 367999287647                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 330919231337                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 2298594481954                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130100137161138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.data            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       696640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    364081472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst       494336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data    199570880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         564843456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       696640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst       494336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total      1190976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    233273856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      233273856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.data               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        10885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      5688773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst         7724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data      3118295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            8825679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      3644904                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           3644904                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.data                41                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       221356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    115686432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst       157075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data     63413397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            179478301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       221356                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst       157075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          378431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       74122476                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            74122476                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       74122476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.data               41                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       221356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    115686432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst       157075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data     63413397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           253600777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    8825679                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   3644904                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  8825679                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 3644904                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             564587008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 256448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              233272128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              564843456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           233273856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  4007                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           546107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           553138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           552477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           542295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           535158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           556295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           570753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           562453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           579042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           559750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          538169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          540015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          535231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          549050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          555817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          545922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           225485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           225157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           226716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           221803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           223282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           228429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           237054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           230865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           240700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           225996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          227213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          226053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          220628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          227117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          230806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          227573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3147140348361                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              8825679                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             3644904                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                8165674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                 578140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  73288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   4567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                125069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                130325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                205583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                211425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                211907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                211961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                211883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                211808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                211823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                211952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                211997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                214441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                212432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                212122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                212627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                214689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                211393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                211331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      7750146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.947412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.115679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    97.438746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5819765     75.09%     75.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1333152     17.20%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       331387      4.28%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511       140319      1.81%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        72643      0.94%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        30571      0.39%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11451      0.15%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6035      0.08%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4823      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      7750146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       211318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     41.745833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.078999                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    54.581245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       211317    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       211318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       211318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.248304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.217768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.020487                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           81295     38.47%     38.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            4574      2.16%     40.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18          117733     55.71%     96.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            7179      3.40%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             486      0.23%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              44      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               6      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       211318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                188002241424                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           353408591424                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               44108360000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    21311.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               40061.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      179.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       74.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   179.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    74.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 4649203                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  67192                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                52.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                1.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    252365.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   37.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             27657489720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             14700281640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            31549346640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            9494089020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        249507576240.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        193006855830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          6084740640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   1052053294950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   139426668480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy     12998991165                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1736509175835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           551.773616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        2707968653210                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4165721150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 105589972000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  37743214120                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 363092668128                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 329416156954                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 2307132904054                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             27678609840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             14711522430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            31437391440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            9532168920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        249648328800.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        193481922330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          6130057440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   1048719696120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   141075378240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy     13721794920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1736165552850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           551.664429                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        2706806026265                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4309188699                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 105652782000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  39603022556                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 367384212401                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 330371781081                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 2299819649669                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130100137161138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                       3                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted                 3                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect                 1                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                    0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct                   nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            2                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        2                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            2                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        2                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           3                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       3                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3147140636406                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                              357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles                 19                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                              9                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                           3                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                             2                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                       5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                 3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                         3                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                     2                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples                 26                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.346154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.573336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                       24     92.31%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                        1      3.85%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                        0      0.00%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                        0      0.00%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                        0      0.00%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                        0      0.00%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                        0      0.00%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                        0      0.00%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                        1      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                   26                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.008403                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.025210                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                       21                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                      9                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                       21                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                      9                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands                   6                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                    13                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups                7                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups                 6                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                     1                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                        5                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                         0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                    2                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                   0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                          9                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                         6                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined               7                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined            7                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            26                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.230769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.862911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  24     92.31%     92.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                   0      0.00%     92.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                   1      3.85%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                   0      0.00%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                   1      3.85%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              26                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   2     33.33%     33.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   2     33.33%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                    2     33.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                      6                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.016807                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                          0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 30                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                10                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   8                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  6                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            4                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                      2                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       4                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads                0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            2                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                   9                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                     2                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect              0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            1                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                    1                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                     6                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                     2                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                            2                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                        2                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                          0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.016807                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                              4                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                             4                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                         2                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                         2                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.011204                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                            1                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts               7                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts                 1                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples           23                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.086957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.288104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0           21     91.30%     91.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            2      8.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total           23                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                    2                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                      2                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                              0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                             0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                          1                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          2                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                         0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              1     50.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              1     50.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total                 2                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                     0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                           31                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                          20                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                               1                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                             331                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                           2                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                             2                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                             178.500000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                       178.500000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.005602                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.005602                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       42                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                        2                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130100137161138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          33554589                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::258                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::259                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::260                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::261                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::262                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::263                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::264                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::265                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::266                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::267                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::268                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::269                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::270                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::271                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::272                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::273                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::258                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::259                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::260                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::261                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::262                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::263                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::264                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::265                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::266                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::267                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::268                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::269                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::270                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::271                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::272                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::273                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::258                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::259                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::260                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::261                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::262                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::263                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::264                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::265                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::266                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::267                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::268                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::269                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::270                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::271                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::272                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::273                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::258                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::259                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::260                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::261                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::262                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::263                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::264                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::265                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::266                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::267                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::268                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::269                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::270                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::271                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::272                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::273                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::0                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::1                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::2                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::3                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::4                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::5                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::6                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::7                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::8                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::9                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::10               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::11               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::12               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::13               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::14               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::15               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::16               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::17               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::18               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::19               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::20               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::21               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::22               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::23               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::24               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::25               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::26               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::27               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::28               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::29               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::30               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::31               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::32               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::33               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::34               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::35               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::36               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::37               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::38               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::39               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::40               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::41               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::42               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::43               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::44               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::45               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::46               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::47               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::48               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::49               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::50               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::51               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::52               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::53               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::54               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::55               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::56               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::57               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::58               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::59               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::60               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::61               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::62               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::63               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::64               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::65               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::66               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::67               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::68               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::69               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::70               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::71               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::72               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::73               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::74               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::75               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::76               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::77               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::78               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::79               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::80               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::81               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::82               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::83               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::84               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::85               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::86               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::87               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::88               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::89               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::90               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::91               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::92               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::93               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::94               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::95               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::96               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::97               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::98               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::99               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::100              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::101              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::102              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::103              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::104              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::105              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::106              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::107              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::108              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::109              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::110              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::111              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::112              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::113              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::114              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::115              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::116              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::117              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::118              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::119              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::120              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::121              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::122              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::123              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::124              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::125              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::126              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::127              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::128              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::129              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::130              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::131              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::132              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::133              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::134              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::135              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::136              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::137              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::138              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::139              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::140              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::141              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::142              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::143              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::144              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::145              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::146              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::147              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::148              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::149              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::150              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::151              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::152              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::153              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::154              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::155              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::156              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::157              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::158              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::159              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::160              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::161              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::162              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::163              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::164              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::165              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::166              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::167              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::168              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::169              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::170              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::171              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::172              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::173              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::174              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::175              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::176              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::177              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::178              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::179              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::180              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::181              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::182              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::183              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::184              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::185              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::186              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::187              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::188              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::189              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::190              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::191              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::192              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::193              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::194              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::195              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::196              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::197              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::198              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::199              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::200              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::201              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::202              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::203              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::204              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::205              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::206              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::207              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::208              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::209              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::210              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::211              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::212              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::213              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::214              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::215              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::216              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::217              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::218              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::219              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::220              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::221              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::222              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::223              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::224              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::225              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::226              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::227              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::228              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::229              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::230              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::231              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::232              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::233              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::234              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::235              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::236              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::237              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::238              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::239              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::240              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::241              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::242              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::243              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::244              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::245              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::246              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::247              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::248              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::249              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::250              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::251              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::252              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::253              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::254              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::255              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::256              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::257              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::258              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::259              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::260              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::261              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::262              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::263              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::264              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::265              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::266              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::267              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::268              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::269              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::270              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::271              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::272              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::273              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::total            0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ranks                  0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_invalid_fill            0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::0        5545260933                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::1        1077586067                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::2        1327226654                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::3         640032202                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::total    8590105856                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::0    3245564955                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::1     637866942                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::2     696532498                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::3    4010141461                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::total   8590105856                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.990358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           571586981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          33555101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             17.034280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      126953177699376                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.000069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   407.525047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data   104.465242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.795947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.204034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        4992460341                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       4992460341                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130100137161138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    203353881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data    164315924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       367669805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    130331278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     65715069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      196046347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1558427                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       863507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      2421934                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1561032                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       833840                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      2394872                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    333685159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data    230030993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        563716152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    333685159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data    230030993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       563716152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18074905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     22072619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      40147526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4679707                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      6498222                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11177929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2785                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data         1663                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4448                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data          114                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          294                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22754612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     28570841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       51325455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22754612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     28570841                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      51325455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       231768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1352730986595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 1520537268006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2873268486369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 250798350600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 452801065856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 703599416456                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29674296                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data     17783532                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     47457828                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1678320                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      1062936                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2741256                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       231768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1603529337195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 1973338333862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3576867902825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       231768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1603529337195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 1973338333862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3576867902825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    221428786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data    186388543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    407817331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    135010985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     72213291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    207224276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1561212                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       865170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2426382                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1561212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       833954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2395166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    356439771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data    258601834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    615041607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    356439771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data    258601834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    615041607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.118423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.098445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034662                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.089987                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.053941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001784                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.001922                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001833                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.110482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.083450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.110482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.083450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       115884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74840.281960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 68887.940666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71567.759527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53592.746426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 69680.762808                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62945.418284                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10655.043447                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 10693.645219                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10669.475719                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         9324                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data         9324                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9324                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       115884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70470.519875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 69068.262074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69689.940456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       115884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70470.519875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 69068.262074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69689.940456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     89873281                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       388454                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           1258725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets            1601                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    71.400251                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   242.632105                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::0                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::1                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::2                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::3                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::total                0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     15287206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          15287206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     10940853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     10940853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      3967653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3967653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     14908506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     14908506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     14908506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     14908506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18074905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     11131766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     29206673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4679707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2530569                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      7210276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2785                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data         1663                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         4448                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data          114                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          294                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22754612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     13662335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     36416949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22754612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     13662335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     36416949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       229104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1328655213135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 776629898028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2105285340267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 244564980876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 123256518271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 367821499147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25964676                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data     15568416                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41533092                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1438560                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data       911088                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2349648                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       229104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1573220194011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 899886416299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2473106839414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       229104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1573220194011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 899886416299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2473106839414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.059723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034662                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.035043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034795                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001784                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.001922                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001833                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000137                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.052832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.052832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       114552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73508.281960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 69766.998159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72082.340233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52260.746426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 48707.037141                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51013.511708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9323.043447                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  9361.645219                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9337.475719                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       114552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69138.519875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 65866.223914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67910.874121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       114552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69138.519875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 65866.223914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67910.874121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130100137161138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            178664                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::258                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::259                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::260                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::261                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::262                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::263                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::264                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::265                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::266                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::267                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::268                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::269                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::270                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::271                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::272                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::273                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::258                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::259                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::260                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::261                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::262                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::263                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::264                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::265                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::266                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::267                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::268                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::269                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::270                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::271                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::272                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::273                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::258                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::259                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::260                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::261                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::262                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::263                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::264                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::265                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::266                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::267                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::268                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::269                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::270                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::271                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::272                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::273                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::258                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::259                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::260                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::261                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::262                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::263                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::264                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::265                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::266                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::267                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::268                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::269                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::270                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::271                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::272                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::273                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::0                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::1                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::2                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::3                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::4                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::5                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::6                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::7                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::8                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::9                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::10               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::11               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::12               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::13               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::14               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::15               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::16               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::17               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::18               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::19               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::20               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::21               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::22               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::23               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::24               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::25               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::26               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::27               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::28               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::29               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::30               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::31               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::32               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::33               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::34               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::35               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::36               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::37               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::38               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::39               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::40               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::41               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::42               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::43               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::44               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::45               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::46               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::47               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::48               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::49               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::50               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::51               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::52               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::53               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::54               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::55               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::56               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::57               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::58               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::59               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::60               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::61               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::62               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::63               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::64               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::65               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::66               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::67               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::68               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::69               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::70               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::71               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::72               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::73               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::74               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::75               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::76               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::77               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::78               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::79               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::80               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::81               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::82               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::83               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::84               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::85               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::86               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::87               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::88               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::89               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::90               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::91               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::92               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::93               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::94               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::95               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::96               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::97               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::98               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::99               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::100              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::101              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::102              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::103              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::104              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::105              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::106              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::107              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::108              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::109              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::110              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::111              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::112              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::113              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::114              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::115              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::116              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::117              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::118              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::119              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::120              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::121              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::122              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::123              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::124              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::125              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::126              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::127              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::128              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::129              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::130              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::131              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::132              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::133              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::134              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::135              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::136              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::137              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::138              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::139              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::140              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::141              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::142              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::143              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::144              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::145              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::146              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::147              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::148              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::149              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::150              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::151              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::152              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::153              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::154              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::155              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::156              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::157              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::158              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::159              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::160              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::161              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::162              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::163              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::164              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::165              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::166              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::167              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::168              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::169              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::170              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::171              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::172              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::173              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::174              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::175              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::176              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::177              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::178              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::179              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::180              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::181              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::182              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::183              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::184              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::185              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::186              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::187              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::188              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::189              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::190              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::191              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::192              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::193              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::194              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::195              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::196              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::197              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::198              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::199              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::200              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::201              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::202              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::203              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::204              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::205              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::206              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::207              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::208              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::209              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::210              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::211              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::212              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::213              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::214              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::215              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::216              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::217              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::218              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::219              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::220              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::221              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::222              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::223              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::224              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::225              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::226              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::227              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::228              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::229              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::230              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::231              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::232              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::233              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::234              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::235              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::236              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::237              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::238              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::239              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::240              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::241              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::242              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::243              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::244              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::245              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::246              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::247              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::248              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::249              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::250              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::251              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::252              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::253              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::254              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::255              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::256              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::257              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::258              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::259              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::260              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::261              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::262              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::263              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::264              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::265              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::266              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::267              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::268              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::269              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::270              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::271              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::272              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::273              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::total            0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ranks                  0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_invalid_fill            0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::0          19355889                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::1           8662873                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::2          10690136                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::3           7160158                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::total      45869056                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::0      12159630                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::1       5551243                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::2       6245522                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::3      21912661                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::total     45869056                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.782177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1251486800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            179176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           6984.678752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      129544305710310                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     2.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   418.983070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst    86.799107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.818326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.169530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses       10013620328                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses      10013620328                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130100137161138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1010694875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst    240791925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1251486800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1010694875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst    240791925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1251486800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1010694875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst    240791925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1251486800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        89914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        193344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        89914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         193344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        89914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        193344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       332334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3861999801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   3576966785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7439298920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       332334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3861999801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   3576966785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7439298920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       332334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3861999801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   3576966785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7439298920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1010798302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst    240881839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1251680144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1010798302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst    240881839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1251680144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1010798302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst    240881839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1251680144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       110778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37340.344407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 39782.089385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38477.009475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       110778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37340.344407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 39782.089385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38477.009475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       110778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37340.344407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 39782.089385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38477.009475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3839                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                76                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    50.513158                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::0                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::1                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::2                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::3                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::total                0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       178664                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            178664                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        14167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        14167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        14167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14168                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        75747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       179176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        75747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       179176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        75747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       179176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       216450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3724235037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   2737871054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6462322541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       216450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3724235037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   2737871054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6462322541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       216450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3724235037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   2737871054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6462322541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       108225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36008.344407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 36144.943747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36066.898139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       108225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36008.344407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 36144.943747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36066.898139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       108225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36008.344407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 36144.943747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36066.898139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130100137161138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.tags.replacements              28559947                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::0                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::1                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::2                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::3                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::4                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::5                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::6                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::7                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::8                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::9                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::10                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::11                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::12                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::13                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::14                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::15                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::16                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::17                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::18                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::19                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::20                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::21                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::22                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::23                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::24                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::25                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::26                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::27                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::28                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::29                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::30                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::31                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::32                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::33                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::34                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::35                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::36                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::37                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::38                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::39                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::40                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::41                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::42                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::43                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::44                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::45                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::46                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::47                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::48                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::49                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::50                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::51                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::52                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::53                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::54                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::55                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::56                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::57                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::58                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::59                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::60                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::61                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::62                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::63                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::64                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::65                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::66                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::67                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::68                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::69                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::70                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::71                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::72                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::73                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::74                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::75                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::76                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::77                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::78                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::79                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::80                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::81                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::82                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::83                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::84                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::85                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::86                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::87                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::88                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::89                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::90                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::91                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::92                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::93                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::94                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::95                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::96                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::97                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::98                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::99                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::100                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::101                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::102                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::103                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::104                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::105                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::106                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::107                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::108                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::109                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::110                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::111                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::112                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::113                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::114                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::115                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::116                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::117                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::118                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::119                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::120                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::121                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::122                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::123                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::124                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::125                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::126                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::127                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::128                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::129                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::130                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::131                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::132                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::133                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::134                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::135                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::136                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::137                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::138                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::139                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::140                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::141                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::142                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::143                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::144                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::145                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::146                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::147                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::148                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::149                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::150                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::151                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::152                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::153                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::154                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::155                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::156                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::157                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::158                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::159                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::160                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::161                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::162                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::163                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::164                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::165                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::166                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::167                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::168                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::169                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::170                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::171                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::172                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::173                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::174                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::175                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::176                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::177                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::178                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::179                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::180                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::181                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::182                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::183                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::184                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::185                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::186                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::187                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::188                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::189                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::190                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::191                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::192                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::193                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::194                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::195                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::196                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::197                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::198                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::199                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::200                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::201                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::202                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::203                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::204                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::205                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::206                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::207                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::208                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::209                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::210                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::211                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::212                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::213                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::214                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::215                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::216                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::217                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::218                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::219                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::220                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::221                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::222                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::223                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::224                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::225                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::226                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::227                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::228                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::229                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::230                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::231                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::232                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::233                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::234                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::235                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::236                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::237                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::238                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::239                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::240                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::241                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::242                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::243                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::244                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::245                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::246                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::247                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::248                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::249                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::250                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::251                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::252                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::253                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::254                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::255                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::256                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::257                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::258                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::259                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::260                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::261                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::262                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::263                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::264                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::265                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::266                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::267                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::268                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::269                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::270                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::271                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::272                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::273                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::total                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::0                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::1                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::2                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::3                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::4                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::5                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::6                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::7                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::8                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::9                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::10                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::11                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::12                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::13                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::14                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::15                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::16                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::17                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::18                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::19                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::20                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::21                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::22                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::23                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::24                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::25                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::26                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::27                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::28                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::29                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::30                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::31                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::32                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::33                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::34                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::35                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::36                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::37                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::38                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::39                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::40                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::41                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::42                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::43                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::44                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::45                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::46                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::47                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::48                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::49                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::50                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::51                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::52                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::53                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::54                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::55                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::56                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::57                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::58                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::59                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::60                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::61                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::62                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::63                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::64                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::65                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::66                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::67                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::68                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::69                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::70                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::71                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::72                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::73                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::74                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::75                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::76                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::77                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::78                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::79                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::80                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::81                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::82                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::83                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::84                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::85                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::86                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::87                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::88                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::89                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::90                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::91                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::92                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::93                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::94                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::95                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::96                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::97                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::98                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::99                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::100                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::101                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::102                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::103                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::104                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::105                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::106                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::107                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::108                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::109                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::110                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::111                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::112                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::113                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::114                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::115                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::116                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::117                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::118                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::119                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::120                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::121                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::122                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::123                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::124                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::125                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::126                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::127                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::128                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::129                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::130                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::131                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::132                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::133                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::134                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::135                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::136                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::137                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::138                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::139                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::140                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::141                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::142                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::143                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::144                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::145                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::146                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::147                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::148                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::149                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::150                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::151                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::152                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::153                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::154                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::155                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::156                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::157                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::158                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::159                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::160                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::161                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::162                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::163                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::164                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::165                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::166                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::167                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::168                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::169                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::170                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::171                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::172                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::173                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::174                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::175                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::176                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::177                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::178                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::179                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::180                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::181                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::182                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::183                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::184                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::185                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::186                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::187                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::188                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::189                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::190                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::191                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::192                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::193                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::194                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::195                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::196                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::197                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::198                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::199                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::200                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::201                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::202                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::203                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::204                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::205                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::206                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::207                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::208                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::209                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::210                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::211                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::212                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::213                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::214                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::215                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::216                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::217                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::218                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::219                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::220                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::221                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::222                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::223                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::224                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::225                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::226                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::227                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::228                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::229                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::230                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::231                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::232                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::233                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::234                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::235                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::236                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::237                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::238                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::239                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::240                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::241                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::242                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::243                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::244                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::245                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::246                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::247                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::248                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::249                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::250                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::251                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::252                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::253                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::254                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::255                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::256                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::257                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::258                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::259                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::260                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::261                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::262                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::263                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::264                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::265                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::266                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::267                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::268                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::269                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::270                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::271                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::272                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::273                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::total                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::0                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::1                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::2                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::3                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::4                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::5                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::6                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::7                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::8                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::9                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::10                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::11                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::12                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::13                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::14                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::15                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::16                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::17                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::18                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::19                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::20                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::21                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::22                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::23                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::24                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::25                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::26                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::27                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::28                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::29                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::30                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::31                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::32                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::33                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::34                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::35                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::36                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::37                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::38                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::39                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::40                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::41                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::42                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::43                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::44                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::45                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::46                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::47                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::48                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::49                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::50                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::51                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::52                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::53                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::54                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::55                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::56                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::57                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::58                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::59                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::60                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::61                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::62                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::63                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::64                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::65                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::66                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::67                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::68                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::69                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::70                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::71                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::72                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::73                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::74                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::75                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::76                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::77                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::78                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::79                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::80                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::81                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::82                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::83                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::84                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::85                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::86                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::87                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::88                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::89                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::90                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::91                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::92                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::93                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::94                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::95                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::96                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::97                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::98                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::99                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::100                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::101                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::102                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::103                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::104                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::105                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::106                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::107                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::108                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::109                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::110                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::111                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::112                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::113                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::114                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::115                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::116                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::117                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::118                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::119                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::120                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::121                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::122                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::123                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::124                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::125                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::126                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::127                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::128                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::129                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::130                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::131                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::132                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::133                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::134                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::135                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::136                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::137                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::138                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::139                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::140                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::141                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::142                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::143                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::144                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::145                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::146                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::147                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::148                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::149                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::150                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::151                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::152                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::153                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::154                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::155                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::156                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::157                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::158                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::159                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::160                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::161                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::162                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::163                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::164                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::165                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::166                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::167                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::168                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::169                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::170                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::171                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::172                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::173                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::174                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::175                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::176                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::177                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::178                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::179                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::180                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::181                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::182                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::183                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::184                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::185                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::186                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::187                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::188                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::189                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::190                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::191                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::192                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::193                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::194                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::195                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::196                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::197                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::198                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::199                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::200                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::201                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::202                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::203                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::204                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::205                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::206                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::207                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::208                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::209                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::210                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::211                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::212                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::213                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::214                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::215                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::216                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::217                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::218                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::219                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::220                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::221                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::222                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::223                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::224                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::225                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::226                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::227                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::228                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::229                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::230                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::231                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::232                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::233                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::234                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::235                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::236                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::237                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::238                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::239                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::240                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::241                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::242                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::243                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::244                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::245                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::246                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::247                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::248                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::249                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::250                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::251                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::252                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::253                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::254                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::255                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::256                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::257                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::258                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::259                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::260                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::261                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::262                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::263                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::264                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::265                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::266                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::267                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::268                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::269                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::270                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::271                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::272                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::273                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::total                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::0                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::1                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::2                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::3                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::4                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::5                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::6                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::7                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::8                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::9                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::10                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::11                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::12                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::13                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::14                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::15                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::16                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::17                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::18                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::19                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::20                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::21                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::22                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::23                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::24                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::25                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::26                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::27                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::28                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::29                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::30                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::31                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::32                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::33                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::34                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::35                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::36                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::37                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::38                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::39                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::40                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::41                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::42                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::43                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::44                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::45                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::46                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::47                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::48                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::49                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::50                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::51                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::52                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::53                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::54                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::55                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::56                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::57                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::58                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::59                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::60                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::61                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::62                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::63                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::64                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::65                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::66                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::67                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::68                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::69                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::70                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::71                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::72                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::73                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::74                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::75                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::76                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::77                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::78                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::79                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::80                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::81                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::82                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::83                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::84                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::85                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::86                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::87                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::88                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::89                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::90                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::91                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::92                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::93                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::94                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::95                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::96                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::97                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::98                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::99                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::100                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::101                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::102                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::103                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::104                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::105                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::106                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::107                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::108                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::109                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::110                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::111                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::112                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::113                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::114                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::115                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::116                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::117                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::118                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::119                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::120                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::121                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::122                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::123                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::124                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::125                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::126                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::127                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::128                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::129                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::130                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::131                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::132                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::133                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::134                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::135                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::136                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::137                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::138                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::139                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::140                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::141                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::142                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::143                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::144                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::145                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::146                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::147                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::148                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::149                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::150                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::151                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::152                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::153                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::154                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::155                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::156                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::157                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::158                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::159                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::160                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::161                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::162                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::163                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::164                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::165                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::166                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::167                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::168                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::169                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::170                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::171                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::172                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::173                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::174                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::175                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::176                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::177                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::178                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::179                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::180                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::181                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::182                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::183                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::184                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::185                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::186                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::187                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::188                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::189                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::190                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::191                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::192                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::193                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::194                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::195                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::196                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::197                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::198                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::199                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::200                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::201                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::202                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::203                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::204                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::205                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::206                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::207                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::208                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::209                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::210                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::211                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::212                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::213                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::214                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::215                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::216                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::217                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::218                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::219                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::220                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::221                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::222                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::223                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::224                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::225                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::226                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::227                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::228                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::229                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::230                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::231                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::232                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::233                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::234                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::235                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::236                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::237                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::238                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::239                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::240                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::241                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::242                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::243                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::244                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::245                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::246                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::247                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::248                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::249                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::250                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::251                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::252                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::253                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::254                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::255                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::256                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::257                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::258                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::259                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::260                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::261                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::262                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::263                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::264                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::265                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::266                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::267                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::268                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::269                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::270                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::271                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::272                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::273                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::total                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::0                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::1                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::2                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::3                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::4                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::5                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::6                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::7                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::8                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::9                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::10                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::11                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::12                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::13                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::14                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::15                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::16                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::17                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::18                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::19                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::20                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::21                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::22                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::23                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::24                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::25                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::26                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::27                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::28                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::29                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::30                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::31                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::32                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::33                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::34                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::35                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::36                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::37                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::38                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::39                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::40                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::41                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::42                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::43                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::44                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::45                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::46                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::47                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::48                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::49                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::50                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::51                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::52                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::53                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::54                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::55                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::56                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::57                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::58                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::59                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::60                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::61                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::62                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::63                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::64                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::65                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::66                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::67                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::68                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::69                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::70                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::71                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::72                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::73                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::74                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::75                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::76                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::77                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::78                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::79                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::80                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::81                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::82                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::83                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::84                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::85                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::86                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::87                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::88                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::89                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::90                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::91                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::92                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::93                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::94                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::95                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::96                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::97                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::98                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::99                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::100                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::101                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::102                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::103                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::104                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::105                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::106                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::107                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::108                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::109                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::110                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::111                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::112                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::113                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::114                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::115                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::116                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::117                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::118                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::119                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::120                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::121                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::122                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::123                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::124                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::125                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::126                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::127                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::128                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::129                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::130                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::131                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::132                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::133                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::134                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::135                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::136                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::137                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::138                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::139                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::140                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::141                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::142                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::143                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::144                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::145                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::146                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::147                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::148                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::149                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::150                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::151                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::152                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::153                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::154                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::155                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::156                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::157                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::158                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::159                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::160                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::161                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::162                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::163                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::164                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::165                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::166                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::167                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::168                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::169                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::170                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::171                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::172                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::173                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::174                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::175                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::176                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::177                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::178                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::179                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::180                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::181                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::182                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::183                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::184                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::185                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::186                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::187                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::188                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::189                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::190                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::191                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::192                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::193                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::194                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::195                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::196                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::197                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::198                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::199                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::200                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::201                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::202                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::203                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::204                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::205                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::206                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::207                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::208                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::209                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::210                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::211                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::212                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::213                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::214                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::215                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::216                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::217                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::218                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::219                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::220                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::221                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::222                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::223                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::224                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::225                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::226                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::227                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::228                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::229                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::230                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::231                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::232                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::233                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::234                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::235                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::236                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::237                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::238                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::239                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::240                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::241                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::242                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::243                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::244                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::245                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::246                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::247                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::248                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::249                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::250                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::251                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::252                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::253                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::254                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::255                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::256                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::257                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::258                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::259                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::260                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::261                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::262                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::263                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::264                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::265                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::266                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::267                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::268                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::269                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::270                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::271                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::272                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::273                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::total                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ranks                      0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_invalid_fill               0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::0                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::1                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::2                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::3                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::4                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::5                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::6                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::7                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::8                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::0                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::1                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::2                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::3                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::4                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::5                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::6                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::7                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::8                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::total                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::0            6117770905                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::1            1068189774                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::2            1335291482                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::3             645808063                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::total        9167060224                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::0        3636130457                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::1         644353640                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::2         721282567                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::3        4165293560                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::total    9167060224                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.tagsinuse              4031.091574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_refs                34514608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.sampled_refs              28563941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_refs                  1.208328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.warmup_cycle          127055759594130                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   981.200682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.000409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.000388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.933730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2411.428601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     2.528034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data   627.999730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.239551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.588728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.153320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3994                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1538                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2310                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975098                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.tag_accesses             598774037                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2.tags.data_accesses            598774037                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130100137161138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     15287206                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total     15287206                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       178664                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total       178664                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1795497                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1104841                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          2900338                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          180                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            294                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       153599                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        71159                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total            224758                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        63457                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        44696                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         108153                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2817480                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      2169390                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       4986870                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        63457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2971079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        44696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      2240549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::total              5319781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        63457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2971079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        44696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      2240549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::total             5319781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1705                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data          784                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total           2489                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2728906                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1390592                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total         4119498                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        39970                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        31051                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        71023                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     15260210                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      8963763                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     24223975                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        39970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     17989116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        31051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     10354355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::total           28414496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        39970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     17989116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        31051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     10354355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::total          28414496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 226225277604                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 111496718340                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 337721995944                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       214452                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3177156663                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   2340924066                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   5518295181                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       226773                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1290918927861                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 748947965337                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 2039867119971                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       214452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       226773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3177156663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1517144205465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   2340924066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 860444683677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::total 2383107411096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       214452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       226773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3177156663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1517144205465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   2340924066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 860444683677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::total 2383107411096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     15287206                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     15287206                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       178664                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       178664                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1797202                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      1105625                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      2902827                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          180                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          294                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2882505                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      1461751                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       4344256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst        75747                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       179176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18077690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     11133153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     29210845                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20960195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst        75747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     12594904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::total         33734277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       103427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20960195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst        75747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     12594904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::total        33734277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000949                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000709                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.000857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.946713                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.951319                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.948263                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.386456                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.409930                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.396387                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844146                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.805141                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.829280                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.386456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.858251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.409930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.822107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::total        0.842303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.386456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.858251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.409930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.822107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::total       0.842303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82899.622634                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 80179.318118                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81981.347228                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       107226                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79488.532975                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 75389.651412                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77697.297791                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 113386.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84593.785266                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 83552.852227                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84208.604078                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       107226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 113386.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79488.532975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84336.784835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 75389.651412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 83099.785904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83869.423941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       107226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 113386.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79488.532975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84336.784835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 75389.651412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 83099.785904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83869.423941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::0                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::1                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::2                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::3                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::total                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::writebacks         14164177                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::total              14164177                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        44591                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        44591                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1705                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data          784                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2489                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2728906                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1390592                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total      4119498                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        39970                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        31051                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        71023                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15260210                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      8963763                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     24223975                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        39970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17989116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        31051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     10354355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total      28414496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        39970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17989116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        31051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     10354355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total     28414496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     23292351                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data     10867455                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34159806                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 189876249684                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  92974032900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 282850282584                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       187812                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2644756263                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   1927324746                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4572268821                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       200133                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1087652930661                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 629550642177                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1717203772971                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       187812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       200133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2644756263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1277529180345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   1927324746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 722524675077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2004626324376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       187812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       200133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2644756263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1277529180345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   1927324746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 722524675077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2004626324376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000949                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000709                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.946713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.951319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.948263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.386456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.409930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.396387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.805141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.386456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.858251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.409930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.822107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.842303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.386456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.858251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.409930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.822107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.842303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13661.202933                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 13861.549745                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13724.309361                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69579.622634                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 66859.318118                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68661.347228                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        93906                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66168.532975                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 62069.651412                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64377.297791                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 100066.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71273.785266                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 70232.852227                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70888.604078                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        93906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 100066.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66168.532975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71016.784835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 62069.651412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 69779.785904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70549.423941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        93906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 100066.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66168.532975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71016.784835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 62069.651412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 69779.785904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70549.423941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     70370651                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     36636374                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       215355                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       215355                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130100137161138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp      29390021                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     29451386                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       178664                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict     32687718                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2902827                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          294                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2903121                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      4344256                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      4344256                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       179176                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     29210845                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side       537016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side    106471033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count::total         107008049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side     22901760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side   3125907648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size::total         3148809408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoops                    28584515                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             906507520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples     65221913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.003302                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.057367                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0           65006558     99.67%     99.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1             215355      0.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total       65221913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    33733696203                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy     179742496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy   34488448536                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130100137161138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                  17569918                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::0                    1198349                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::1                    3398993                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::2                    6008570                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::3                   13374099                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::4                    9000154                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::5                   14544892                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::6                   12693171                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::7                    9865421                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::8                   13555578                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::9                    1615162                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::10                   1088033                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::11                   1298434                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::12                     19613                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::13                    352766                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::14                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::15                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::16                     22613                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::17                   6738244                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::18                  17692129                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::19                  40104356                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::20                  44695014                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::21                  38618137                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::22                  46480054                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::23                  36049766                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::24                  34618330                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::25                   2709015                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::26                   2183893                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::27                    637486                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::28                    258066                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::29                     89716                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::30                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::31                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::32                      2971                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::33                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::34                  26922921                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::35                  77508023                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::36                 125922402                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::37                 144829757                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::38                 130505869                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::39                 120835571                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::40                  92734111                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::41                  11660125                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::42                   3852793                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::43                   1812637                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::44                    113486                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::45                      4294                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::46                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::47                      1364                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::48                      1299                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::49                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::50                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::51                  71924158                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::52                 180773807                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::53                 286522744                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::54                 296387771                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::55                 248054817                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::56                 218439422                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::57                  54553567                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::58                  12534403                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::59                   5840754                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::60                    870945                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::61                     13705                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::62                      2051                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::63                      1925                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::64                     99318                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::65                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::66                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::67                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::68                 132747536                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::69                 338452767                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::70                 489965944                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::71                 471876552                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::72                 373370376                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::73                 140601277                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::74                  55409288                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::75                  23345823                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::76                   5617412                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::77                    326075                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::78                     15517                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::79                     20567                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::80                     68204                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::81                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::82                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::83                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::84                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::85                 203262468                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::86                 447281972                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::87                 607415322                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::88                 556956822                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::89                 280484416                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::90                 144677388                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::91                  73604552                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::92                  22612341                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::93                   3646950                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::94                    376430                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::95                     49657                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::96                    492779                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::97                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::98                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::99                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::100                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::101                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::102                212076342                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::103                437489335                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::104                572996387                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::105                400555529                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::106                260957510                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::107                141107493                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::108                 54169200                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::109                  8707086                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::110                  2622015                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::111                   740293                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::112                   695045                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::113                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::114                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::115                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::116                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::117                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::118                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::119                185447994                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::120                360412514                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::121                392317484                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::122                307103035                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::123                204960328                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::124                 85898394                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::125                 24978388                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::126                  7310861                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::127                  1685368                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::128                  1374517                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::129                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::130                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::131                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::132                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::133                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::134                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::135                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::136                121388304                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::137                216520596                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::138                255936843                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::139                207765997                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::140                114016686                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::141                 31720071                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::142                 13966946                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::143                  3670146                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::144                  3469457                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::145                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::146                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::147                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::148                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::149                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::150                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::151                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::152                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::153                 63688667                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::154                129327382                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::155                148582444                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::156                104108830                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::157                 42875376                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::158                 18059954                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::159                  7122797                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::160                  3827084                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::161                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::162                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::163                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::164                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::165                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::166                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::167                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::168                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::169                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::170                 34628975                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::171                 68628075                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::172                 68991199                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::173                 37107155                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::174                 19237860                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::175                  7372288                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::176                  4826186                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::177                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::178                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::179                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::180                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::181                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::182                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::183                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::184                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::185                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::186                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::187                 19042601                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::188                 32706793                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::189                 23776057                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::190                 15514852                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::191                  6910453                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::192                  4800353                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::193                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::194                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::195                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::196                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::197                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::198                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::199                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::200                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::201                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::202                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::203                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::204                  8950028                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::205                 12716376                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::206                 10345695                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::207                  6382887                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::208                  4762115                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::209                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::210                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::211                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::212                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::213                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::214                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::215                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::216                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::217                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::218                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::219                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::220                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::221                  2644981                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::222                  4955589                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::223                  3575856                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::224                  4019319                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::225                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::226                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::227                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::228                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::229                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::230                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::231                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::232                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::233                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::234                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::235                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::236                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::237                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::238                  1082118                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::239                  1971288                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::240                  3007777                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::241                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::242                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::243                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::244                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::245                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::246                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::247                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::248                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::249                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::250                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::251                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::252                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::253                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::254                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::255                   211853                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::256                  1046752                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::257                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::258                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::259                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::260                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::261                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::262                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::263                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::264                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::265                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::266                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::267                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::268                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::269                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::270                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::271                795846858                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::272                   586657                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::273                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::total            13199617193                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::0                      14914                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::1                      76786                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::2                     190243                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::3                     679149                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::4                     484143                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::5                    1085131                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::6                     884486                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::7                     951741                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::8                    1888511                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::9                      98123                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::10                    123914                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::11                     84104                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::12                       452                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::13                      6016                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::14                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::15                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::16                     11569                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::17                    221267                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::18                    860298                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::19                   2803583                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::20                   4073275                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::21                   4330326                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::22                   5507680                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::23                   5732366                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::24                   6025000                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::25                    379161                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::26                    320171                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::27                     74923                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::28                     22022                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::29                      1709                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::30                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::31                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::32                      1963                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::33                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::34                   1407909                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::35                   5669721                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::36                  12479400                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::37                  17864676                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::38                  18858999                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::39                  21355340                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::40                  18462918                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::41                   2484028                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::42                    764330                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::43                    358237                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::44                     27519                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::45                       361                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::46                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::47                      1215                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::48                      1087                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::49                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::50                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::51                   5224715                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::52                  17621223                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::53                  36145774                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::54                  45213677                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::55                  44588863                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::56                  45858706                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::57                  14687371                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::58                   3204482                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::59                   1539080                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::60                    265186                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::61                      5721                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::62                      1213                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::63                      1387                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::64                     88118                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::65                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::66                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::67                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::68                  12604687                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::69                  42043513                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::70                  75839903                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::71                  87164092                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::72                  80353330                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::73                  36552934                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::74                  16686746                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::75                   6957045                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::76                   1793179                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::77                    132435                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::78                      6114                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::79                     14529                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::80                     52558                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::81                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::82                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::83                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::84                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::85                  24728499                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::86                  68284886                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::87                 112647216                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::88                 121154438                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::89                  71226092                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::90                  42469195                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::91                  23153089                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::92                   7607852                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::93                   1533340                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::94                    136287                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::95                     33980                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::96                    359171                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::97                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::98                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::99                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::100                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::101                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::102                 32194940                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::103                 80369491                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::104                124694267                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::105                101111052                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::106                 74222683                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::107                 43771620                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::108                 18890518                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::109                  3499180                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::110                  1050993                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::111                   449520                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::112                   492159                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::113                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::114                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::115                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::116                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::117                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::118                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::119                 33818305                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::120                 77038861                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::121                 96763461                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::122                 86050070                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::123                 63656629                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::124                 29977084                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::125                 10180471                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::126                  3042604                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::127                  1033490                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::128                   911706                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::129                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::130                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::131                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::132                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::133                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::134                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::135                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::136                 25883510                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::137                 51884295                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::138                 69211706                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::139                 65248444                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::140                 40505685                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::141                 13217014                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::142                  6031935                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::143                  2172761                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::144                  2210875                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::145                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::146                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::147                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::148                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::149                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::150                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::151                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::152                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::153                 15386733                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::154                 34955162                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::155                 45807482                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::156                 37792514                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::157                 18173071                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::158                  8543897                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::159                  4185962                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::160                  2494662                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::161                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::162                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::163                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::164                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::165                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::166                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::167                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::168                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::169                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::170                  9934860                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::171                 21792136                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::172                 23659989                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::173                 15791679                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::174                  9514353                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::175                  4296721                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::176                  2902443                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::177                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::178                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::179                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::180                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::181                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::182                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::183                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::184                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::185                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::186                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::187                  6276991                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::188                 11300956                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::189                  9790031                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::190                  7666666                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::191                  3965929                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::192                  2819983                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::193                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::194                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::195                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::196                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::197                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::198                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::199                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::200                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::201                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::202                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::203                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::204                  3081059                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::205                  5861213                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::206                  5257024                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::207                  3557567                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::208                  2565052                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::209                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::210                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::211                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::212                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::213                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::214                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::215                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::216                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::217                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::218                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::219                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::220                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::221                  1301882                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::222                  2538212                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::223                  2006056                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::224                  2065800                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::225                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::226                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::227                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::228                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::229                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::230                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::231                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::232                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::233                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::234                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::235                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::236                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::237                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::238                   587612                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::239                  1102665                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::240                  1673204                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::241                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::242                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::243                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::244                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::245                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::246                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::247                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::248                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::249                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::250                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::251                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::252                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::253                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::254                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::255                   117717                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::256                   617398                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::257                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::258                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::259                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::260                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::261                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::262                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::263                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::264                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::265                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::266                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::267                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::268                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::269                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::270                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::271                133137650                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::272                   439285                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::273                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::total             2807196337                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::0                       2805                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::1                      46399                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::2                     122204                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::3                     440647                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::4                     334294                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::5                     722939                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::6                     600765                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::7                     598001                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::8                    1409247                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::9                      69368                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::10                     81289                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::11                     54195                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::12                       217                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::13                      3552                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::14                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::15                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::16                      9241                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::17                    118485                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::18                    581242                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::19                   1895409                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::20                   2751250                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::21                   2908517                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::22                   3778964                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::23                   3793962                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::24                   4427985                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::25                    262100                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::26                    212908                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::27                     51915                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::28                     14833                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::29                      1000                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::30                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::31                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::32                      1424                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::33                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::34                    919536                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::35                   3952199                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::36                   8664426                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::37                  12333649                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::38                  13035228                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::39                  14385573                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::40                  13358990                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::41                   1833536                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::42                    568847                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::43                    271671                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::44                     21164                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::45                       287                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::46                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::47                       807                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::48                       792                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::49                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::50                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::51                   3769912                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::52                  12757153                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::53                  25918060                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::54                  31872398                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::55                  31404713                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::56                  33477999                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::57                   9975236                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::58                   2458757                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::59                   1204512                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::60                    202824                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::61                      4287                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::62                       920                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::63                      1186                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::64                     69574                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::65                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::66                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::67                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::68                   9603110                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::69                  31233541                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::70                  55196921                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::71                  62898456                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::72                  58899350                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::73                  26208580                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::74                  12264617                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::75                   5514333                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::76                   1394131                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::77                    100811                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::78                      4931                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::79                     11655                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::80                     48765                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::81                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::82                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::83                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::84                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::85                  19174440                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::86                  51445093                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::87                  83711089                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::88                  90783076                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::89                  52350290                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::90                  32096511                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::91                  18225017                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::92                   6063453                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::93                   1144882                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::94                    113540                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::95                     26650                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::96                    326195                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::97                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::98                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::99                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::100                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::101                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::102                 25060761                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::103                 61515403                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::104                 95206208                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::105                 76536157                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::106                 57211528                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::107                 34558205                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::108                 14939042                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::109                  2825591                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::110                   875204                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::111                   370106                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::112                   443876                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::113                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::114                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::115                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::116                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::117                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::118                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::119                 26589379                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::120                 60129942                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::121                 75165199                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::122                 67468057                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::123                 50844464                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::124                 24040624                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::125                  8339770                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::126                  2568623                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::127                   839076                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::128                   866242                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::129                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::130                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::131                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::132                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::133                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::134                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::135                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::136                 20777591                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::137                 41910934                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::138                 56319838                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::139                 52242665                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::140                 32643721                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::141                 10833808                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::142                  5101447                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::143                  1809688                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::144                  2072799                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::145                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::146                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::147                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::148                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::149                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::150                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::151                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::152                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::153                 12725744                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::154                 29214958                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::155                 37842836                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::156                 30323084                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::157                 14969202                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::158                  7227379                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::159                  3518087                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::160                  2334801                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::161                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::162                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::163                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::164                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::165                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::166                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::167                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::168                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::169                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::170                  8455774                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::171                 18292878                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::172                 20030324                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::173                 13240843                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::174                  7925158                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::175                  3568388                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::176                  2855332                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::177                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::178                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::179                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::180                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::181                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::182                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::183                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::184                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::185                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::186                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::187                  5382186                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::188                  9769976                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::189                  8519322                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::190                  6597701                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::191                  3429870                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::192                  2863324                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::193                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::194                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::195                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::196                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::197                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::198                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::199                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::200                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::201                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::202                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::203                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::204                  2698371                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::205                  5021013                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::206                  4607478                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::207                  3178543                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::208                  2754853                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::209                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::210                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::211                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::212                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::213                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::214                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::215                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::216                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::217                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::218                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::219                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::220                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::221                  1126500                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::222                  2258253                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::223                  1792433                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::224                  2321394                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::225                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::226                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::227                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::228                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::229                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::230                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::231                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::232                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::233                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::234                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::235                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::236                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::237                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::238                   517242                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::239                  1000507                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::240                  1837871                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::241                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::242                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::243                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::244                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::245                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::246                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::247                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::248                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::249                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::250                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::251                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::252                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::253                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::254                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::255                   111152                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::256                   654596                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::257                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::258                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::259                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::260                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::261                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::262                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::263                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::264                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::265                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::266                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::267                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::268                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::269                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::270                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::271                 98946496                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::272                   435692                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::273                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::total             2155054339                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::0                       1468                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::1                      31870                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::2                      77703                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::3                     328249                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::4                     263969                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::5                     653886                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::6                     538762                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::7                     538757                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::8                    1151144                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::9                      58499                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::10                     69708                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::11                     48323                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::12                       198                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::13                      2722                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::14                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::15                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::16                      5473                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::17                     45204                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::18                    252699                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::19                    940012                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::20                   1596109                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::21                   1825580                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::22                   2681174                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::23                   2640482                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::24                   3235373                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::25                    181756                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::26                    173268                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::27                     35420                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::28                     11255                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::29                       759                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::30                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::31                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::32                       810                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::33                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::34                    306626                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::35                   1598889                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::36                   3921292                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::37                   6459278                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::38                   7526560                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::39                   8910108                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::40                   8384781                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::41                   1144871                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::42                    352078                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::43                    141519                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::44                     10631                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::45                       178                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::46                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::47                       454                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::48                       406                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::49                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::50                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::51                   1214207                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::52                   4803785                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::53                  11219118                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::54                  15867082                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::55                  16956663                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::56                  18668801                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::57                   5899986                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::58                   1345910                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::59                    598374                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::60                    101557                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::61                      1887                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::62                       424                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::63                       366                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::64                     32270                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::65                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::66                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::67                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::68                   2945467                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::69                  11532387                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::70                  23501552                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::71                  29731172                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::72                  29604912                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::73                  13473049                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::74                   6374453                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::75                   2670095                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::76                    690574                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::77                     46375                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::78                      1854                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::79                      4705                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::80                     15049                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::81                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::82                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::83                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::84                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::85                   5967137                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::86                  18882961                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::87                  34556229                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::88                  40499328                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::89                  24942978                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::90                  15111082                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::91                   8518398                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::92                   2810370                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::93                    575820                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::94                     45231                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::95                     12081                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::96                    116703                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::97                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::98                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::99                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::100                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::101                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::102                  7860661                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::103                 22136939                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::104                 37787554                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::105                 32953230                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::106                 25389015                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::107                 15389690                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::108                  6834392                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::109                  1209295                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::110                   350860                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::111                   155281                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::112                   171928                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::113                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::114                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::115                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::116                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::117                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::118                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::119                  8418370                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::120                 21294587                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::121                 29339520                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::122                 27586710                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::123                 21388243                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::124                 10458042                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::125                  3539067                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::126                  1052696                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::127                   351698                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::128                   292015                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::129                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::130                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::131                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::132                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::133                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::134                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::135                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::136                  6581251                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::137                 14457807                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::138                 20691741                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::139                 20626542                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::140                 13531508                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::141                  4406515                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::142                  2018520                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::143                   690957                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::144                   758613                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::145                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::146                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::147                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::148                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::149                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::150                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::151                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::152                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::153                  4055240                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::154                  9745762                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::155                 13614534                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::156                 11716436                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::157                  5678095                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::158                  2752706                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::159                  1364386                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::160                   812125                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::161                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::162                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::163                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::164                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::165                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::166                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::167                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::168                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::169                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::170                  2563111                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::171                  6016383                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::172                  6774744                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::173                  4630499                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::174                  2947077                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::175                  1349867                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::176                   896359                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::177                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::178                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::179                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::180                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::181                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::182                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::183                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::184                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::185                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::186                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::187                  1566510                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::188                  2957251                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::189                  2577886                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::190                  2159085                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::191                  1151540                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::192                   847156                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::193                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::194                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::195                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::196                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::197                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::198                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::199                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::200                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::201                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::202                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::203                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::204                   724238                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::205                  1406710                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::206                  1339115                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::207                   963051                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::208                   764700                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::209                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::210                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::211                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::212                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::213                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::214                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::215                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::216                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::217                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::218                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::219                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::220                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::221                   265261                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::222                   568330                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::223                   499191                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::224                   594447                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::225                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::226                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::227                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::228                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::229                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::230                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::231                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::232                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::233                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::234                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::235                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::236                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::237                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::238                   117796                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::239                   250148                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::240                   463292                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::241                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::242                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::243                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::244                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::245                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::246                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::247                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::248                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::249                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::250                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::251                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::252                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::253                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::254                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::255                    23918                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::256                   170086                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::257                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::258                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::259                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::260                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::261                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::262                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::263                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::264                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::265                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::266                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::267                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::268                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::269                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::270                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::271                 44020868                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::272                   120190                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::273                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::total              901680035                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::0                     4756                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::1                    13883                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::2                    24995                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::3                    57899                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::4                    39385                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::5                    66433                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::6                    57489                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::7                    46695                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::8                    70330                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::9                     7192                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::10                    5324                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::11                    5801                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::12                      80                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::13                    1426                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::14                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::15                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::16                     191                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::17                   27825                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::18                   75728                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::19                  178685                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::20                  207483                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::21                  186260                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::22                  228312                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::23                  188346                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::24                  188698                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::25                   13797                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::26                   11290                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::27                    3124                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::28                    1196                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::29                     364                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::30                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::31                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::32                      28                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::33                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::34                  115457                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::35                  346597                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::36                  589795                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::37                  708935                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::38                  663776                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::39                  646432                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::40                  519300                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::41                   66885                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::42                   21633                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::43                   10094                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::44                     675                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::45                      20                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::46                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::47                      15                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::48                      14                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::49                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::50                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::51                  320832                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::52                  843578                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::53                 1405491                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::54                 1520863                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::55                 1332051                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::56                 1236113                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::57                  332485                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::58                   76342                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::59                   35870                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::60                    5627                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::61                     100                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::62                      18                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::63                      19                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::64                    1130                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::65                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::66                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::67                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::68                  616800                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::69                 1653368                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::70                 2517595                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::71                 2545587                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::72                 2118078                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::73                  847015                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::74                  354434                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::75                  150341                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::76                   37091                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::77                    2366                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::78                     111                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::79                     201                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::80                     721                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::81                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::82                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::83                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::84                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::85                  988799                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::86                 2288652                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::87                 3274726                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::88                 3161694                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::89                 1675796                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::90                  915446                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::91                  482426                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::92                  152711                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::93                   26957                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::94                    2623                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::95                     478                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::96                    5058                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::97                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::98                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::99                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::100                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::101                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::102                1082784                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::103                2349653                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::104                3244861                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::105                2387328                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::106                1631956                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::107                 917293                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::108                 370442                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::109                  63442                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::110                  19137                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::111                   6700                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::112                   7043                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::113                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::114                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::115                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::116                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::117                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::118                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::119                 993258                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::120                2026859                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::121                2318694                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::122                1907062                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::123                1331444                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::124                 587399                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::125                 183741                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::126                  54589                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::127                  15272                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::128                  13455                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::129                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::130                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::131                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::132                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::133                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::134                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::135                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::136                 682151                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::137                1268647                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::138                1570938                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::139                1351108                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::140                 783975                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::141                 235068                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::142                 105933                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::143                  32592                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::144                  33249                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::145                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::146                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::147                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::148                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::149                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::150                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::151                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::152                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::153                 374439                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::154                 793919                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::155                 960341                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::156                 718519                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::157                 319124                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::158                 142906                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::159                  63247                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::160                  36987                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::161                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::162                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::163                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::164                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::165                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::166                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::167                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::168                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::169                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::170                 217120                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::171                 448162                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::172                 466626                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::173                 276446                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::174                 154783                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::175                  64794                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::176                  44845                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::177                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::178                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::179                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::180                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::181                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::182                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::183                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::184                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::185                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::186                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::187                 126048                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::188                 221621                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::189                 174466                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::190                 124759                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::191                  60382                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::192                  44261                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::193                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::194                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::195                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::196                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::197                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::198                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::199                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::200                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::201                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::202                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::203                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::204                  60366                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::205                  97677                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::206                  84177                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::207                  55008                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::208                  42370                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::209                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::210                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::211                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::212                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::213                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::214                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::215                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::216                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::217                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::218                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::219                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::220                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::221                  20854                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::222                  40314                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::223                  30756                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::224                  35160                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::225                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::226                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::227                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::228                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::229                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::230                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::231                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::232                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::233                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::234                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::235                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::236                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::237                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::238                   9003                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::239                  16893                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::240                  27274                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::241                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::242                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::243                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::244                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::245                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::246                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::247                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::248                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::249                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::250                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::251                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::252                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::253                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::254                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::255                   1815                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::256                   9722                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::257                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::258                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::259                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::260                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::261                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::262                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::263                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::264                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::265                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::266                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::267                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::268                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::269                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::270                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::271                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::272                   6179                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::273                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::total             70279672                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ranks                          0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.l3.tags.total_invalid_fill             4187312                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::0                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::1                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::2                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::3                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::4                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::5                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::6                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::7                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::8                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::0                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::1                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::2                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::3                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::4                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::5                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::6                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::7                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::8                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::total                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::0                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::1                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::2                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::3                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::4                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::total                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::0                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::1                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::2                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::3                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::total                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 65065.700094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                    35052985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                  17635244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                      1.987667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13101.721800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.010398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.006248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   129.561049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 41164.434036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst    44.194133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data 10625.772430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.199916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.628119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.162136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9039                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        47926                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996796                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                1840369134                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses               1840369134                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130100137161138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     14164177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         14164177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1704                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          784                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 2488                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1075965                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       607920                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               1683885                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        18527                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5548389                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        15470                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      3515265                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           9097651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         18527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6624354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        15470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      4123185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                 10781536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        18527                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6624354                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst        15470                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      4123185                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                10781536                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1652941                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       782672                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             2435613                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21443                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9711821                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        15581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      5448498                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        15197347                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     11364762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        15581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      6231170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total               17632960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21443                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     11364762                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        15581                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      6231170                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total              17632960                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163076653773                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  78836957460                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  241913611233                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       173160                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       185481                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2234715714                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 940751974998                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   1597309425                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 540965377449                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1485549736227                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst        173160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data        185481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2234715714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1103828628771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   1597309425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 619802334909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     1727463347460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       173160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       185481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2234715714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1103828628771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   1597309425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 619802334909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    1727463347460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     14164177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     14164177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1705                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          784                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             2489                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2728906                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      1390592                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4119498                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        39970                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15260210                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst        31051                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      8963763                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      24294998                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        39970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17989116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst        31051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     10354355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total             28414496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        39970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17989116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst        31051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     10354355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total            28414496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000587                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.000402                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.605716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.562834                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.591240                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.536477                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.636415                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.501787                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.607836                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.625534                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.536477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.631758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.501787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.601792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.620562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.536477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.631758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.501787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.601792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.620562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98658.484346                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 100727.964537                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99323.501407                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        86580                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92740.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104216.560836                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96866.692147                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 102516.489635                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 99287.065435                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97750.596616                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        86580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92740.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104216.560836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97127.298290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 102516.489635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 99468.050929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97967.859478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        86580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92740.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104216.560836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97127.298290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 102516.489635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 99468.050929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97967.859478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.total_trans::0                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::1                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::2                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::3                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::total                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks              7296540                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                   7296540                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        21312                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         21312                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1652941                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       782672                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        2435613                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21443                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9711821                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        15581                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      5448498                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     15197347                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11364762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        15581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      6231170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          17632960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst             2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data             2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11364762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst        15581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      6231170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         17632960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        14045                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        14045                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 127574411857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  62026760145                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 189601172002                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       130000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       142451                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1774153377                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 732161143736                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   1262657639                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 423942057097                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1159140284300                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       142451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1774153377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 859735555593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   1262657639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 485968817242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1348741456302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       142451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1774153377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 859735555593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst   1262657639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 485968817242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1348741456302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000587                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000402                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.605716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.562834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.591240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.536477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.636415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.501787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.607836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.536477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.631758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.501787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.601792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.620562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.536477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.631758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.501787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.601792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.620562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        14045                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14045                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77180.257406                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 79250.005296                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77845.360491                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        65000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71225.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82738.113930                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75388.657157                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 81038.292728                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 77808.977281                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76272.541800                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        65000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71225.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82738.113930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75649.235382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 81038.292728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 77989.978967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76489.792769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        65000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71225.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82738.113930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75649.235382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 81038.292728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 77989.978967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76489.792769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      35199626                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     17566666                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130100137161138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           15197347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7296540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         10270125                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2435613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2435613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      15197347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     26388632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     26443954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total     52832586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               52832586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    797370688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    798117312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total   1595488000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1595488000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          17632961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                17632961    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            17632961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         42996587506                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         43028631703                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        94930699715                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            222989998                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            9646585                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        232636583                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           136572197                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           1151716                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       137723913                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            359562195                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           10798301                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        370360496                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1010798302                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                48                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1010798350                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 3147140636406                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               7522114201                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1000000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     877598555                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses       95011901                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls            58830006                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts    126454953                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            877598555                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts              95011901                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   1176332798                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    568116156                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads     87675591                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes     59339336                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             370360496                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           232636583                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts          137723913                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       19278.888412                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       7522094922.111588                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999997                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000003                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                 200814718                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass      64572596      6.39%      6.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         520089410     51.45%     57.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult           409092      0.04%     57.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     57.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd        29445354      2.91%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp        22030604      2.18%     62.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt         1666848      0.16%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult         253783      0.03%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv          408804      0.04%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt            103      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead        200994844     19.88%     83.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite       129720459     12.83%     95.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead     33202951      3.28%     99.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite      8003454      0.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1010798302                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.lookups     319503617                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condPredicted    221945796                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condIncorrect      4388375                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBLookups    154651775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHits     139055948                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHitPct    89.915520                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.usedRAS      33390639                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.RASInCorrect        42617                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectLookups      8670769                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectHits      8436222                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectMisses       234547                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPredindirectMispredicted        35717                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_hits          217203049                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_misses         42228775                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_acv                1655                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_accesses      259431824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_hits         122802503                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_misses         8951554                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_acv                  8                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_accesses     131754057                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_hits          340005552                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_misses         51180329                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_acv                1663                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_accesses      391185881                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_hits         240881849                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_misses           67404                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_acv                  1                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_accesses     240949253                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 3147140636406                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.numCycles             1928734358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.icacheStallCycles    248722996                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Insts           1497985981                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Branches         319503617                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.predictedBranches    180882809                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Cycles          1654357564                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.SquashCycles      20714856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.TlbCycles            27750                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.MiscStallCycles        10387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      8980294                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          265                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.CacheLines       240881849                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheSquashes      3158982                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.ItlbSquashes            65                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::samples   1922456684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.779204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.976166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::0     1591912564     82.81%     82.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::1       32381236      1.68%     84.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::2       50595724      2.63%     87.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::3       48273663      2.51%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::4       49680027      2.58%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::5       39156389      2.04%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::6       20551600      1.07%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::7       17463193      0.91%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::8       72442288      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::total   1922456684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.branchRate        0.165655                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rate              0.776668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.IdleCycles      160793489                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BlockedCycles   1504395981                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.RunCycles       224086517                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.UnblockCycles     23493795                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashCycles      9686901                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchResolved    122780184                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchMispred       672090                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.DecodedInsts   1311333966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashedInsts      2431026                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SquashCycles      9686901                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IdleCycles      170590288                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.BlockCycles     760138772                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializeStallCycles    385435566                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RunCycles       234006906                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UnblockCycles    362598250                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedInsts   1270211384                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.ROBFullEvents      2521875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IQFullEvents     38016344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.LQFullEvents    270916583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SQFullEvents     67873843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedOperands    816308215                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenameLookups   1641442232                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.int_rename_lookups   1463768816                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.fp_rename_lookups    177246126                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.CommittedMaps    334998643                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UndoneMaps      481309555                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializingInsts      2906873                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1328278                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.skidInsts       108566700                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedLoads    294019109                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedStores    148426871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingLoads      7745907                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingStores      6712131                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsAdded       1173691427                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2433013                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsIssued       958477565                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       454144                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    676124417                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    391012745                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       765103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1922456684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1577686714     82.07%     82.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    107917921      5.61%     87.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     77386899      4.03%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     55301593      2.88%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     44609276      2.32%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26573281      1.38%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     16548758      0.86%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     12172926      0.63%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4259316      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1922456684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        695256      3.84%      3.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      3.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      3.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          124      0.00%      3.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp        15386      0.08%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            7      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      3.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemRead     11564139     63.88%     67.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4860196     26.85%     94.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead       481453      2.66%     97.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite       484953      2.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       435010      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    520478565     54.30%     54.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       217718      0.02%     54.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     54.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     21732300      2.27%     56.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     17191193      1.79%     58.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       972136      0.10%     58.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult       143384      0.01%     58.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       217592      0.02%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt           29      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    222227331     23.19%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    127582796     13.31%     95.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead     41192622      4.30%     99.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      6086889      0.64%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::total    958477565                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.rate                 0.496946                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_cnt          18101514                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.018886                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3681898000                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1564170340                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    809222443                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    176069472                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    288106371                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     72235134                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_alu_accesses    887626001                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_alu_accesses      88518068                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23681255                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    174686204                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        67150                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        28094                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     75379620                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1242                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      6614017                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewSquashCycles      9686901                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewBlockCycles     453891879                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewUnblockCycles    250649143                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1234453003                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       330864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    294019109                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    148426871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1321201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIQFullEvents      3225809                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents    246781817                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        28094                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1930539                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2885100                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.branchMispredicts      4815639                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecutedInsts    948017071                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    259445292                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     10460494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_nop            58328563                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_refs          391205197                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_branches      182860068                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_stores        131759905                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_rate           0.491523                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_sent            934528922                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_count           881457577                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_producers       447140428                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_consumers       656236507                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_rate             0.457013                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_fanout           0.681371                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitSquashedInsts    592545404                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1667910                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branchMispredicts      3717848                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1840641218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.290109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1705123299     92.64%     92.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     49767022      2.70%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     15039964      0.82%     96.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9276607      0.50%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      8237296      0.45%     97.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      6336578      0.34%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      4748458      0.26%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3709543      0.20%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     38402451      2.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1840641218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedInsts    533986002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedOps    533986002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.refs            192380151                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.loads           119332903                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.membars            833954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branches        107213906                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.fp_insts         48147358                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.int_insts       462975860                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.function_calls     15694807                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass     34421006      6.45%      6.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    277415853     51.95%     58.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult       217703      0.04%     58.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd     15713450      2.94%     61.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp     11767421      2.20%     63.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt       884671      0.17%     63.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult       134182      0.03%     63.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv       217583      0.04%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt           28      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead    105009503     19.67%     83.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     68774579     12.88%     96.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     15157354      2.84%     99.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      4272669      0.80%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::total    533986002                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.bw_lim_events     38402451                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_reads         2851460837                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_writes        2335010377                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus_1.timesIdled                 61619                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus_1.idleCycles               6277674                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus_1.committedInsts         500000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.committedOps           500000006                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi                     3.857469                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi_total               3.857469                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc                     0.259237                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc_total               0.259237                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_reads     1203301448                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_writes     553149010                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_reads        65947546                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_writes       49778070                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_reads       2316093                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_writes      1885412                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     56831622                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     28417126                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          24568                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        24568                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130100137161138                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          24294998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     21460717                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        24523838                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4119498                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4119498                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     24294998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     85248607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side   2725035072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                        17569918                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                 466978560                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples         45986903                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000534                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.023107                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0               45962335     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                  24568      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total           45986903                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        23641601067                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy       18924883173                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
