
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.718330                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1718329732218                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               35021707656579                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 570961                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   570961                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              817582797                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2568168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2101.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1200000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1200000009                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 35021707656579                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.data            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         8064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     86310976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data     17657536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         103976960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         8064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total         8256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     34923904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       34923904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.data               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1348609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data       275899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1624640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       545686                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            545686                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.inst                74                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.data               112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         4693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     50229577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst           37                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data     10275988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             60510482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           74                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         4693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst           37                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total            4805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       20324332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            20324332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       20324332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.inst               74                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.data              112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         4693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     50229577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst           37                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data     10275988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            80834814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1624640                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    545686                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1624640                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  545686                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             103961024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  15936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               34922688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              103976960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            34923904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   249                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           105882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           103469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           104114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           101680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           102294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           101987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           101291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           101892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           100496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            98942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           99510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           99814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           98776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           99238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          101143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          103863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            36428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            35300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            34736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            33649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            33575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            33528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            33425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            33939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            33446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            33238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           33705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           33624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           33481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           33649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           34398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           35546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1718329261023                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1624640                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              545686                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1538333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  77005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   8588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 19875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 20792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 30544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 31527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 31562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 31595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 31615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 31860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 31791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 31696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 31672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 31640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 31634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 31626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 31597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 31618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 31483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 31471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1973265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.382340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.605932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.952845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1855186     94.02%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        98202      4.98%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16071      0.81%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3092      0.16%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          549      0.03%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          132      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1973265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     51.633217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    48.704490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   115.846617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        31457     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        31460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.344787                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.315133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.005675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           10677     33.94%     33.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             823      2.62%     36.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           18499     58.80%     95.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1366      4.34%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              89      0.28%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        31460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 88567516365                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           119024847615                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                8121955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    54523.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               73273.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       60.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       20.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    60.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    20.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   24867                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 171917                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 1.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               31.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    791737.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                    9.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              7121214660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              3785000175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5873428260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1433307600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        135173472720.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         68496975240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          6911580000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   370062217200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   186818335680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy     79260328185                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          865002653430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           503.397352                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        1549968948634                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9877852339                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  57390064000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 251923481243                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 486506247725                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 101092449535                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 811539637376                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              6967961700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              3703540500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5724723480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1415074140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        137295210000.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         67607677200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          6763560000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   380980860750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   191450555520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy     70665659955                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          872652780315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           507.849424                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        1552277332136                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9683043072                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  58282940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 218226911689                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 498569549284                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  98085432631                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 835481855542                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 35021707656579                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.data            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         8128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     86265984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data     17677248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         103951616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         8128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     34901056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       34901056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.data               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1347906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data       276207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1624244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       545329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            545329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.inst                37                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.data               112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         4730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     50203394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data     10287460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             60495733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           37                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         4730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total            4767                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       20311035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            20311035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       20311035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.inst               37                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.data              112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         4730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     50203394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data     10287460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            80806768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1624244                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    545329                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1624244                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  545329                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             103935744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  15872                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               34899968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              103951616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            34901056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   248                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           105739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           103532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           104031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           101446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           102188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           101935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           101268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           101733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           100617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            99272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           99753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           99811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           98787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           99185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          101152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          103547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            36380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            35248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            34732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            33624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            33545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            33463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            33376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            33943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            33452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            33285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           33722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           33615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           33491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           33598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           34414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           35424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1718329130820                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1624244                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              545329                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1538533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  76855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   8307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 19758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 20703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 30577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 31490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 31546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 31604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 31623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 31831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 31793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 31697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 31641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 31619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 31643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 31598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 31574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 31577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 31481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 31461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1972304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.392556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.618597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.849498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1853756     93.99%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        98655      5.00%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16265      0.82%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2937      0.15%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          547      0.03%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          113      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1972304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31454                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     51.630731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    48.717893                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   115.743927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        31450     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        31454                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31454                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.336809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.307208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.005214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           10737     34.14%     34.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             869      2.76%     36.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           18473     58.73%     95.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1281      4.07%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              88      0.28%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        31454                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 88545098537                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           118995023537                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                8119980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    54522.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               73272.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       60.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       20.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    60.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    20.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   24989                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 172012                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 1.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               31.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    792012.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                    9.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              7112489580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              3780370275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5868166080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1431903420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        135196829040.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         68807290080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          6926573280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   369777429240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   186845556000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy     79230184305                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          865040143560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           503.419170                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        1549259803399                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9882662259                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  57399944000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 251765292182                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 486579024023                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 101786584928                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 810916224826                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              6969782400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              3704523405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5727165360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1414625220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        137282302560.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         67456146120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          6745306080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   380732210790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   191840976000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy     70624678575                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          872582486790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           507.808516                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        1552647693621                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9676133067                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  58277036000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 218119924869                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 499585199866                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  97728633305                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 834942805111                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 35021707656579                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                       0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted                 0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect                 0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                    0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct                   nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                           16                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                       16                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           1                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       1                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                           17                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                       17                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           4                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       4                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1718329732218                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                             1404                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles                 65                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                             17                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                             3                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                       3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                 6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                         4                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                     2                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples                 75                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.226667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.300450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                       72     96.00%     96.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                        1      1.33%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                        0      0.00%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                        0      0.00%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                        0      0.00%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                        0      0.00%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                        0      0.00%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                        0      0.00%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                        2      2.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                   75                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                         0                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.012108                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                       69                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                     1                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                     17                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                       69                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                       1                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                     17                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands                  14                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                    26                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups               11                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups                15                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                     1                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                       13                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                         0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                    8                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                   3                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                         17                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                        18                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined              15                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           21                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            75                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.240000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.867429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  68     90.67%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                   3      4.00%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                   0      0.00%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                   1      1.33%     96.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                   3      4.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              75                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 2    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  1      5.56%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                    0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                   0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              16     88.89%     94.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              1      5.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                     18                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.012821                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           2                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.111111                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 75                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 32                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            3                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      20                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads                0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            7                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            2                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                       1                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  17                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                     8                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                    3                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect              0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                    0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    18                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    16                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                           17                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                        0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                          1                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.012821                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                              3                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                             3                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                         1                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                         1                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.002137                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                            1                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts              15                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples           72                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.027778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.165489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0           70     97.22%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            2      2.78%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total           72                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                    2                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                      2                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                              2                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                             1                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                          0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          2                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                         2                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            1     50.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            1     50.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total                 2                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                     0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                           88                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                          36                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                               4                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                            1329                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                           2                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                             2                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                             702.000000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                       702.000000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.001425                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.001425                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       57                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        35                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                        2                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 35021707656579                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6053230                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::258                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::259                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::260                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::261                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::262                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::263                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::264                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::265                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::266                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::267                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::268                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::269                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::270                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::271                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::272                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::273                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::258                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::259                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::260                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::261                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::262                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::263                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::264                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::265                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::266                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::267                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::268                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::269                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::270                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::271                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::272                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::273                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::258                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::259                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::260                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::261                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::262                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::263                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::264                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::265                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::266                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::267                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::268                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::269                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::270                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::271                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::272                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::273                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::258                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::259                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::260                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::261                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::262                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::263                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::264                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::265                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::266                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::267                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::268                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::269                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::270                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::271                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::272                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::273                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::0                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::1                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::2                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::3                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::4                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::5                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::6                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::7                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::8                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::9                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::10               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::11               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::12               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::13               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::14               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::15               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::16               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::17               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::18               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::19               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::20               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::21               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::22               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::23               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::24               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::25               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::26               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::27               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::28               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::29               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::30               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::31               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::32               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::33               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::34               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::35               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::36               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::37               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::38               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::39               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::40               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::41               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::42               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::43               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::44               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::45               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::46               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::47               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::48               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::49               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::50               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::51               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::52               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::53               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::54               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::55               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::56               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::57               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::58               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::59               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::60               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::61               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::62               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::63               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::64               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::65               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::66               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::67               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::68               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::69               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::70               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::71               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::72               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::73               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::74               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::75               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::76               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::77               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::78               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::79               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::80               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::81               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::82               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::83               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::84               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::85               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::86               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::87               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::88               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::89               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::90               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::91               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::92               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::93               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::94               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::95               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::96               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::97               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::98               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::99               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::100              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::101              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::102              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::103              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::104              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::105              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::106              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::107              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::108              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::109              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::110              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::111              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::112              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::113              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::114              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::115              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::116              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::117              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::118              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::119              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::120              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::121              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::122              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::123              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::124              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::125              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::126              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::127              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::128              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::129              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::130              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::131              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::132              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::133              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::134              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::135              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::136              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::137              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::138              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::139              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::140              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::141              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::142              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::143              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::144              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::145              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::146              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::147              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::148              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::149              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::150              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::151              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::152              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::153              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::154              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::155              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::156              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::157              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::158              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::159              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::160              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::161              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::162              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::163              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::164              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::165              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::166              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::167              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::168              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::169              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::170              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::171              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::172              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::173              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::174              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::175              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::176              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::177              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::178              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::179              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::180              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::181              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::182              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::183              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::184              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::185              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::186              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::187              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::188              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::189              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::190              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::191              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::192              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::193              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::194              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::195              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::196              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::197              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::198              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::199              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::200              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::201              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::202              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::203              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::204              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::205              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::206              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::207              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::208              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::209              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::210              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::211              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::212              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::213              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::214              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::215              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::216              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::217              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::218              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::219              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::220              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::221              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::222              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::223              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::224              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::225              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::226              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::227              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::228              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::229              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::230              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::231              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::232              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::233              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::234              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::235              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::236              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::237              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::238              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::239              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::240              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::241              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::242              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::243              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::244              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::245              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::246              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::247              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::248              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::249              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::250              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::251              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::252              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::253              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::254              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::255              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::256              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::257              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::258              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::259              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::260              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::261              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::262              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::263              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::264              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::265              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::266              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::267              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::268              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::269              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::270              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::271              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::272              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::273              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::total            0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ranks                  0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_invalid_fill            0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::0         811518786                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::1         134695002                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::2         229379918                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::3         374164246                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::total    1549757952                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::0     517632353                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::1     130498803                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::2     176487726                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::3     725139070                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::total   1549757952                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.965884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           705853619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6053742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            116.597902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      33303726651618                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     1.084995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   493.563687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data    17.317201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.963992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.033823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        5702766886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       5702766886                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 35021707656579                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    407040147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     72348731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       479388878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    188808805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     37654046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      226462851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    595848952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data    110002777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        705851729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    595848952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data    110002777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       705851729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4069055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       905247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4974309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       962410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       300694                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1263105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5031465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1205941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        6237414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5031465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1205941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       6237414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       963702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 446409615528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  87098132349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 533508711579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       162504                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 150148566135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  41524069190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 191672797829                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      1126206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 596558181663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 128622201539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 725181509408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      1126206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 596558181663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 128622201539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 725181509408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    411109202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     73253978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    484363187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    189771215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     37954740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    227725956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    600880417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data    111208718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    712089143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    600880417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data    111208718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    712089143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.012358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.007922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005547                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.010844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.010844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 137671.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109708.425059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 96214.770498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107252.828801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       162504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 156013.098508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 138094.106268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151747.319367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 140775.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118565.503618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 106657.126293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116263.167622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 140775.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118565.503618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 106657.126293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116263.167622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     56135600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            444363                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   126.328250                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::0                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::1                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::2                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::3                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::total                0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1731821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1731821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        82992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        82994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        99149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        99149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       182141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       182143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       182141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       182143                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4069055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       822255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4891315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       962410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       201545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1163956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5031465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1023800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6055271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5031465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1023800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6055271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       791208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 440989634268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  81717180354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 522707605830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       161172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 148866636015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  32295124862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 181161922049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       952380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 589856270283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 114012305216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 703869527879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       952380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 589856270283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 114012305216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 703869527879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.011225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.005310                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005111                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.009206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.009206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 158241.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108376.425059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 99381.798048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106864.433354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       161172                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 154681.098508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 160237.787402                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155643.273499                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       158730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 117233.503618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 111361.892182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116240.797130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       158730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 117233.503618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 111361.892182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116240.797130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 35021707656579                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::258                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::259                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::260                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::261                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::262                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::263                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::264                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::265                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::266                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::267                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::268                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::269                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::270                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::271                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::272                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::273                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::258                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::259                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::260                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::261                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::262                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::263                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::264                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::265                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::266                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::267                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::268                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::269                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::270                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::271                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::272                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::273                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::258                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::259                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::260                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::261                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::262                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::263                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::264                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::265                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::266                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::267                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::268                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::269                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::270                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::271                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::272                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::273                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::258                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::259                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::260                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::261                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::262                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::263                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::264                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::265                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::266                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::267                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::268                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::269                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::270                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::271                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::272                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::273                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::0                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::1                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::2                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::3                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::4                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::5                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::6                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::7                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::8                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::9                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::10               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::11               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::12               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::13               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::14               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::15               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::16               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::17               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::18               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::19               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::20               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::21               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::22               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::23               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::24               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::25               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::26               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::27               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::28               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::29               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::30               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::31               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::32               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::33               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::34               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::35               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::36               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::37               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::38               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::39               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::40               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::41               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::42               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::43               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::44               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::45               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::46               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::47               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::48               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::49               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::50               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::51               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::52               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::53               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::54               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::55               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::56               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::57               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::58               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::59               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::60               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::61               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::62               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::63               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::64               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::65               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::66               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::67               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::68               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::69               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::70               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::71               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::72               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::73               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::74               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::75               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::76               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::77               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::78               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::79               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::80               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::81               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::82               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::83               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::84               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::85               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::86               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::87               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::88               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::89               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::90               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::91               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::92               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::93               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::94               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::95               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::96               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::97               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::98               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::99               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::100              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::101              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::102              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::103              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::104              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::105              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::106              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::107              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::108              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::109              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::110              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::111              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::112              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::113              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::114              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::115              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::116              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::117              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::118              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::119              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::120              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::121              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::122              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::123              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::124              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::125              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::126              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::127              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::128              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::129              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::130              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::131              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::132              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::133              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::134              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::135              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::136              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::137              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::138              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::139              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::140              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::141              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::142              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::143              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::144              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::145              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::146              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::147              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::148              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::149              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::150              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::151              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::152              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::153              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::154              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::155              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::156              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::157              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::158              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::159              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::160              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::161              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::162              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::163              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::164              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::165              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::166              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::167              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::168              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::169              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::170              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::171              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::172              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::173              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::174              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::175              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::176              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::177              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::178              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::179              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::180              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::181              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::182              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::183              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::184              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::185              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::186              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::187              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::188              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::189              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::190              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::191              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::192              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::193              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::194              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::195              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::196              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::197              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::198              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::199              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::200              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::201              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::202              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::203              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::204              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::205              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::206              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::207              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::208              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::209              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::210              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::211              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::212              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::213              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::214              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::215              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::216              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::217              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::218              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::219              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::220              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::221              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::222              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::223              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::224              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::225              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::226              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::227              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::228              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::229              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::230              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::231              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::232              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::233              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::234              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::235              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::236              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::237              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::238              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::239              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::240              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::241              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::242              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::243              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::244              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::245              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::246              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::247              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::248              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::249              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::250              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::251              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::252              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::253              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::254              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::255              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::256              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::257              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::258              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::259              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::260              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::261              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::262              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::263              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::264              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::265              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::266              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::267              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::268              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::269              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::270              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::271              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::272              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::273              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::total            0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ranks                  0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_invalid_fill            0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::0             23663                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::1             15678                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::2             11011                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::3             15440                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::total         65792                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::0         21658                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::1         14600                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::2          9255                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::3         20279                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::total        65792                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           254.929162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1012787409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          3940807.038911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     2.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   251.897500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.031662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.491987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.497909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.501953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        8102301601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       8102301601                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 35021707656579                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000029994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     12757415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1012787409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000029994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     12757415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1012787409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000029994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     12757415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1012787409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       629703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40050576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       195804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40876083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       629703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40050576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       195804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40876083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       629703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40050576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       195804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40876083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000030247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     12757417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1012787668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000030247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     12757417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1012787668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000030247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     12757417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1012787668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 157425.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 158302.671937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        97902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157822.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 157425.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 158302.671937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        97902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157822.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 157425.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 158302.671937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        97902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157822.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::0                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::1                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::2                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::3                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::total                0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       466866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39713580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       178488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40358934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       466866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39713580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       178488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40358934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       466866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39713580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       178488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40358934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       155622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 156970.671937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       178488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157038.653696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       155622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 156970.671937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       178488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157038.653696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       155622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 156970.671937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       178488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157038.653696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 35021707656579                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.tags.replacements               3984691                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::0                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::1                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::2                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::3                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::4                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::5                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::6                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::7                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::8                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::9                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::10                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::11                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::12                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::13                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::14                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::15                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::16                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::17                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::18                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::19                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::20                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::21                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::22                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::23                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::24                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::25                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::26                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::27                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::28                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::29                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::30                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::31                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::32                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::33                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::34                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::35                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::36                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::37                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::38                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::39                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::40                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::41                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::42                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::43                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::44                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::45                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::46                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::47                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::48                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::49                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::50                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::51                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::52                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::53                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::54                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::55                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::56                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::57                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::58                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::59                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::60                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::61                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::62                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::63                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::64                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::65                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::66                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::67                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::68                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::69                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::70                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::71                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::72                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::73                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::74                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::75                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::76                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::77                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::78                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::79                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::80                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::81                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::82                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::83                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::84                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::85                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::86                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::87                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::88                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::89                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::90                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::91                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::92                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::93                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::94                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::95                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::96                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::97                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::98                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::99                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::100                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::101                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::102                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::103                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::104                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::105                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::106                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::107                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::108                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::109                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::110                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::111                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::112                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::113                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::114                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::115                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::116                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::117                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::118                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::119                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::120                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::121                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::122                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::123                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::124                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::125                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::126                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::127                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::128                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::129                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::130                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::131                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::132                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::133                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::134                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::135                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::136                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::137                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::138                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::139                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::140                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::141                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::142                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::143                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::144                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::145                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::146                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::147                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::148                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::149                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::150                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::151                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::152                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::153                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::154                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::155                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::156                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::157                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::158                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::159                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::160                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::161                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::162                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::163                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::164                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::165                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::166                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::167                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::168                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::169                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::170                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::171                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::172                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::173                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::174                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::175                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::176                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::177                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::178                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::179                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::180                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::181                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::182                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::183                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::184                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::185                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::186                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::187                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::188                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::189                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::190                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::191                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::192                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::193                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::194                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::195                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::196                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::197                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::198                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::199                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::200                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::201                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::202                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::203                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::204                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::205                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::206                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::207                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::208                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::209                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::210                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::211                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::212                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::213                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::214                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::215                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::216                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::217                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::218                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::219                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::220                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::221                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::222                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::223                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::224                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::225                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::226                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::227                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::228                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::229                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::230                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::231                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::232                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::233                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::234                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::235                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::236                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::237                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::238                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::239                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::240                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::241                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::242                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::243                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::244                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::245                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::246                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::247                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::248                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::249                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::250                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::251                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::252                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::253                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::254                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::255                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::256                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::257                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::258                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::259                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::260                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::261                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::262                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::263                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::264                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::265                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::266                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::267                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::268                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::269                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::270                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::271                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::272                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::273                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::total                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::0                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::1                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::2                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::3                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::4                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::5                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::6                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::7                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::8                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::9                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::10                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::11                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::12                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::13                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::14                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::15                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::16                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::17                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::18                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::19                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::20                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::21                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::22                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::23                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::24                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::25                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::26                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::27                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::28                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::29                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::30                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::31                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::32                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::33                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::34                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::35                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::36                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::37                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::38                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::39                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::40                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::41                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::42                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::43                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::44                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::45                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::46                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::47                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::48                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::49                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::50                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::51                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::52                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::53                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::54                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::55                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::56                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::57                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::58                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::59                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::60                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::61                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::62                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::63                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::64                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::65                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::66                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::67                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::68                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::69                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::70                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::71                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::72                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::73                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::74                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::75                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::76                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::77                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::78                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::79                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::80                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::81                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::82                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::83                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::84                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::85                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::86                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::87                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::88                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::89                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::90                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::91                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::92                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::93                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::94                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::95                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::96                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::97                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::98                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::99                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::100                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::101                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::102                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::103                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::104                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::105                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::106                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::107                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::108                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::109                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::110                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::111                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::112                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::113                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::114                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::115                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::116                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::117                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::118                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::119                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::120                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::121                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::122                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::123                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::124                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::125                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::126                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::127                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::128                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::129                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::130                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::131                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::132                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::133                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::134                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::135                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::136                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::137                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::138                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::139                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::140                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::141                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::142                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::143                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::144                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::145                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::146                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::147                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::148                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::149                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::150                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::151                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::152                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::153                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::154                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::155                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::156                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::157                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::158                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::159                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::160                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::161                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::162                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::163                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::164                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::165                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::166                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::167                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::168                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::169                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::170                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::171                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::172                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::173                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::174                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::175                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::176                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::177                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::178                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::179                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::180                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::181                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::182                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::183                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::184                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::185                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::186                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::187                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::188                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::189                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::190                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::191                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::192                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::193                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::194                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::195                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::196                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::197                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::198                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::199                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::200                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::201                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::202                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::203                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::204                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::205                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::206                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::207                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::208                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::209                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::210                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::211                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::212                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::213                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::214                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::215                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::216                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::217                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::218                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::219                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::220                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::221                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::222                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::223                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::224                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::225                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::226                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::227                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::228                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::229                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::230                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::231                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::232                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::233                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::234                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::235                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::236                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::237                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::238                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::239                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::240                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::241                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::242                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::243                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::244                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::245                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::246                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::247                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::248                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::249                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::250                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::251                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::252                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::253                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::254                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::255                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::256                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::257                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::258                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::259                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::260                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::261                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::262                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::263                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::264                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::265                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::266                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::267                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::268                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::269                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::270                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::271                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::272                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::273                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::total                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::0                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::1                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::2                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::3                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::4                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::5                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::6                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::7                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::8                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::9                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::10                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::11                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::12                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::13                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::14                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::15                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::16                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::17                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::18                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::19                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::20                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::21                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::22                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::23                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::24                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::25                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::26                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::27                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::28                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::29                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::30                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::31                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::32                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::33                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::34                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::35                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::36                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::37                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::38                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::39                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::40                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::41                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::42                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::43                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::44                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::45                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::46                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::47                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::48                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::49                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::50                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::51                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::52                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::53                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::54                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::55                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::56                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::57                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::58                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::59                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::60                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::61                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::62                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::63                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::64                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::65                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::66                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::67                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::68                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::69                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::70                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::71                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::72                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::73                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::74                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::75                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::76                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::77                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::78                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::79                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::80                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::81                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::82                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::83                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::84                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::85                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::86                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::87                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::88                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::89                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::90                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::91                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::92                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::93                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::94                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::95                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::96                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::97                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::98                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::99                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::100                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::101                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::102                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::103                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::104                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::105                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::106                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::107                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::108                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::109                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::110                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::111                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::112                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::113                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::114                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::115                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::116                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::117                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::118                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::119                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::120                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::121                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::122                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::123                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::124                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::125                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::126                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::127                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::128                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::129                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::130                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::131                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::132                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::133                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::134                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::135                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::136                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::137                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::138                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::139                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::140                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::141                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::142                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::143                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::144                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::145                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::146                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::147                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::148                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::149                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::150                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::151                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::152                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::153                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::154                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::155                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::156                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::157                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::158                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::159                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::160                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::161                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::162                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::163                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::164                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::165                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::166                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::167                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::168                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::169                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::170                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::171                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::172                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::173                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::174                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::175                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::176                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::177                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::178                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::179                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::180                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::181                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::182                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::183                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::184                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::185                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::186                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::187                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::188                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::189                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::190                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::191                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::192                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::193                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::194                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::195                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::196                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::197                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::198                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::199                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::200                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::201                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::202                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::203                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::204                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::205                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::206                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::207                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::208                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::209                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::210                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::211                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::212                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::213                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::214                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::215                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::216                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::217                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::218                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::219                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::220                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::221                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::222                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::223                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::224                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::225                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::226                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::227                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::228                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::229                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::230                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::231                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::232                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::233                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::234                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::235                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::236                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::237                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::238                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::239                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::240                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::241                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::242                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::243                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::244                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::245                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::246                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::247                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::248                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::249                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::250                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::251                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::252                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::253                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::254                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::255                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::256                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::257                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::258                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::259                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::260                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::261                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::262                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::263                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::264                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::265                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::266                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::267                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::268                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::269                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::270                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::271                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::272                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::273                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::total                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::0                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::1                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::2                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::3                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::4                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::5                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::6                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::7                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::8                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::9                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::10                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::11                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::12                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::13                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::14                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::15                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::16                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::17                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::18                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::19                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::20                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::21                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::22                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::23                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::24                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::25                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::26                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::27                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::28                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::29                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::30                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::31                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::32                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::33                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::34                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::35                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::36                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::37                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::38                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::39                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::40                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::41                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::42                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::43                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::44                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::45                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::46                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::47                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::48                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::49                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::50                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::51                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::52                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::53                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::54                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::55                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::56                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::57                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::58                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::59                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::60                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::61                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::62                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::63                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::64                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::65                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::66                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::67                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::68                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::69                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::70                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::71                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::72                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::73                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::74                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::75                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::76                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::77                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::78                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::79                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::80                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::81                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::82                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::83                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::84                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::85                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::86                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::87                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::88                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::89                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::90                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::91                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::92                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::93                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::94                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::95                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::96                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::97                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::98                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::99                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::100                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::101                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::102                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::103                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::104                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::105                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::106                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::107                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::108                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::109                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::110                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::111                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::112                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::113                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::114                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::115                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::116                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::117                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::118                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::119                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::120                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::121                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::122                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::123                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::124                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::125                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::126                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::127                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::128                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::129                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::130                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::131                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::132                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::133                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::134                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::135                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::136                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::137                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::138                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::139                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::140                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::141                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::142                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::143                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::144                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::145                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::146                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::147                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::148                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::149                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::150                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::151                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::152                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::153                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::154                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::155                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::156                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::157                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::158                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::159                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::160                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::161                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::162                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::163                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::164                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::165                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::166                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::167                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::168                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::169                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::170                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::171                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::172                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::173                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::174                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::175                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::176                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::177                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::178                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::179                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::180                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::181                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::182                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::183                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::184                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::185                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::186                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::187                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::188                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::189                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::190                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::191                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::192                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::193                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::194                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::195                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::196                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::197                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::198                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::199                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::200                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::201                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::202                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::203                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::204                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::205                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::206                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::207                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::208                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::209                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::210                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::211                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::212                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::213                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::214                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::215                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::216                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::217                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::218                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::219                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::220                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::221                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::222                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::223                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::224                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::225                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::226                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::227                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::228                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::229                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::230                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::231                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::232                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::233                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::234                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::235                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::236                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::237                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::238                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::239                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::240                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::241                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::242                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::243                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::244                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::245                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::246                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::247                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::248                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::249                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::250                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::251                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::252                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::253                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::254                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::255                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::256                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::257                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::258                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::259                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::260                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::261                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::262                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::263                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::264                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::265                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::266                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::267                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::268                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::269                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::270                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::271                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::272                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::273                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::total                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::0                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::1                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::2                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::3                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::4                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::5                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::6                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::7                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::8                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::9                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::10                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::11                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::12                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::13                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::14                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::15                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::16                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::17                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::18                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::19                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::20                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::21                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::22                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::23                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::24                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::25                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::26                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::27                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::28                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::29                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::30                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::31                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::32                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::33                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::34                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::35                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::36                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::37                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::38                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::39                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::40                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::41                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::42                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::43                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::44                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::45                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::46                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::47                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::48                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::49                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::50                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::51                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::52                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::53                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::54                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::55                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::56                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::57                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::58                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::59                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::60                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::61                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::62                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::63                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::64                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::65                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::66                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::67                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::68                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::69                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::70                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::71                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::72                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::73                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::74                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::75                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::76                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::77                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::78                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::79                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::80                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::81                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::82                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::83                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::84                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::85                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::86                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::87                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::88                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::89                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::90                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::91                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::92                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::93                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::94                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::95                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::96                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::97                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::98                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::99                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::100                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::101                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::102                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::103                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::104                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::105                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::106                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::107                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::108                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::109                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::110                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::111                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::112                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::113                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::114                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::115                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::116                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::117                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::118                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::119                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::120                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::121                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::122                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::123                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::124                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::125                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::126                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::127                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::128                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::129                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::130                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::131                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::132                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::133                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::134                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::135                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::136                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::137                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::138                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::139                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::140                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::141                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::142                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::143                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::144                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::145                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::146                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::147                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::148                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::149                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::150                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::151                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::152                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::153                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::154                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::155                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::156                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::157                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::158                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::159                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::160                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::161                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::162                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::163                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::164                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::165                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::166                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::167                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::168                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::169                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::170                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::171                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::172                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::173                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::174                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::175                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::176                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::177                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::178                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::179                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::180                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::181                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::182                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::183                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::184                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::185                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::186                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::187                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::188                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::189                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::190                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::191                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::192                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::193                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::194                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::195                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::196                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::197                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::198                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::199                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::200                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::201                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::202                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::203                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::204                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::205                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::206                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::207                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::208                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::209                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::210                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::211                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::212                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::213                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::214                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::215                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::216                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::217                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::218                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::219                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::220                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::221                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::222                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::223                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::224                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::225                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::226                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::227                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::228                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::229                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::230                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::231                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::232                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::233                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::234                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::235                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::236                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::237                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::238                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::239                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::240                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::241                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::242                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::243                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::244                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::245                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::246                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::247                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::248                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::249                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::250                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::251                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::252                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::253                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::254                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::255                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::256                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::257                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::258                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::259                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::260                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::261                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::262                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::263                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::264                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::265                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::266                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::267                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::268                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::269                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::270                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::271                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::272                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::273                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::total                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ranks                      0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_invalid_fill               0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::0                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::1                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::2                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::3                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::4                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::5                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::6                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::7                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::8                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::0                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::1                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::2                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::3                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::4                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::5                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::6                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::7                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::8                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::total                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::0             724918925                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::1             115114448                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::2             181310741                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::3             297755790                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::total        1319099904                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::0         458190382                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::1         107816692                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::2         138300050                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::3         614792780                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::total    1319099904                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.tagsinuse              4063.533479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_refs                 6754809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.sampled_refs               3988774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_refs                  1.693455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   707.030995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.007559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.014564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.496743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3249.933877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data   106.049671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.172615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.793441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.025891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4083                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996826                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.tag_accesses             102022830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2.tags.data_accesses            102022830                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 35021707656579                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1731821                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1731821                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1405                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          128                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1533                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data         1294                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              7581                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1712679                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       351816                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       2064495                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1718966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       353110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::total              2072076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1718966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       353110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::total             2072076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       954718                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       200127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total         1154846                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          257                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2356376                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       470439                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2826820                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3311094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       670566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::total            3981923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3311094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       670566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::total           3981923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       160173                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 147851398269                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  32028861411                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 179880419853                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       463869                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39460833                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       177489                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     40102191                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       785214                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 424947884076                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  77997005586                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 502945674876                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       463869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       945387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39460833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 572799282345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       177489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 110025866997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::total 682866196920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       463869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       945387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39460833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 572799282345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       177489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 110025866997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::total 682866196920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1731821                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1731821                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1405                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          128                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1533                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       961005                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       201421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       1162427                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          257                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4069055                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       822255                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4891315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5030060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      1023676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::total          6053999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5030060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      1023676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::total         6053999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993458                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.993576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.993478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579097                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.572133                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.577926                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.655057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::total        0.657734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.655057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::total       0.657734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       160173                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 154863.947542                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 160042.679953                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155761.391435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       154623                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 155971.671937                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       177489                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156039.653696                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 157042.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 180339.590997                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 165796.214995                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177919.243134                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       154623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 157564.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 155971.671937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 172993.965845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       177489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 164079.101829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171491.562474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       154623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 157564.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 155971.671937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 172993.965845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       177489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 164079.101829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171491.562474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::0                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::1                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::2                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::3                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::total                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::writebacks          1483837                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::total               1483837                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       201219                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total       201219                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       954718                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       200127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total      1154846                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2356376                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       470439                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2826820                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3311094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       670566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       3981923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3311094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       670566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total      3981923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       120213                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109700866989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  24031786491                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 133732773693                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       343989                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29350953                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       137529                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29832471                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       585414                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 330787099116                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  59198263146                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 389985947676                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       343989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       705627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29350953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 440487966105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       137529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  83230049637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 523748553840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       343989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       705627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29350953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 440487966105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       137529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  83230049637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 523748553840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.993576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.572133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.655057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.655057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       120213                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114903.947542                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 120082.679953                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115801.391435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       114663                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 116011.671937                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       137529                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116079.653696                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117082.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 140379.590997                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 125836.214995                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137959.243134                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       114663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117604.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 116011.671937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133033.965845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       137529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 124119.101829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131531.562474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       114663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117604.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 116011.671937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133033.965845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       137529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 124119.101829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131531.562474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     12108762                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6054763                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       236281                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       236281                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 35021707656579                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       4891572                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3215658                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      7021658                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1533                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1533                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1162427                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1162427                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          257                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4891315                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side          514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side     18163780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          18164294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side        16448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side    498276032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          498292480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoops                     4184086                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoopTraffic              94965568                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples     10239618                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.023075                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.150142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0           10003337     97.69%     97.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1             236281      2.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total       10239618                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     5185610532                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        256743                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    6048198747                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 35021707656579                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                   3182210                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::0                  117188558                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::1                       2341                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::2                     118465                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::3                       1501                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::4                      98507                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::5                       5556                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::6                     130242                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::7                       2000                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::8                  122391542                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::9                       1816                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::10                      6357                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::11                       956                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::12                      3849                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::13                      3731                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::14                    106059                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::15                   1275210                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::16                  10575469                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::17                   1224395                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::18                     31911                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::19                     25878                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::20                     46467                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::21                     35410                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::22                    127920                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::23                     22796                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::24                    414000                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::25                   1289515                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::26                     15339                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::27                      4016                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::28                      5706                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::29                     12334                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::30                    218568                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::31                   3626280                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::32                  18707839                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::33                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::34                   6889863                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::35                     17793                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::36                    178641                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::37                     21766                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::38                    199384                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::39                     21040                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::40                    168665                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::41                     43509                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::42                    930629                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::43                      9570                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::44                     17517                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::45                     20539                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::46                    299388                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::47                   4038250                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::48                  16218590                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::49                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::50                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::51                   1964765                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::52                     63405                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::53                     79701                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::54                     85809                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::55                     31829                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::56                    133258                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::57                     18670                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::58                     47019                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::59                    716191                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::60                     21165                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::61                     34443                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::62                    245208                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::63                   2596353                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::64                   7159195                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::65                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::66                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::67                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::68                   5951700                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::69                     38039                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::70                    237330                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::71                     22690                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::72                    164139                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::73                     19473                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::74                     50520                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::75                     40586                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::76                    922146                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::77                     41419                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::78                    231298                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::79                   1257046                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::80                   2040547                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::81                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::82                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::83                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::84                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::85                   3150255                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::86                     80525                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::87                     49891                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::88                    178156                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::89                     31809                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::90                     51828                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::91                     35466                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::92                    134400                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::93                   1444654                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::94                    213793                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::95                    699185                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::96                    499353                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::97                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::98                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::99                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::100                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::101                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::102                  6026758                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::103                    34617                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::104                   233147                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::105                   129950                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::106                   130852                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::107                    74803                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::108                   139569                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::109                   602358                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::110                  6054606                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::111                   408990                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::112                   214161                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::113                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::114                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::115                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::116                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::117                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::118                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::119                  2041698                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::120                   444954                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::121                   538330                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::122                   946484                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::123                   535857                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::124                   347044                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::125                   450731                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::126                  2667104                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::127                  6424003                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::128                   138767                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::129                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::130                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::131                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::132                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::133                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::134                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::135                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::136                122533418                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::137                  3736328                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::138                  3115107                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::139                  3398819                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::140                  1596160                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::141                   894024                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::142                  1286304                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::143                  2719381                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::144                  3628112                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::145                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::146                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::147                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::148                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::149                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::150                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::151                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::152                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::153                  1919882                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::154                   486213                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::155                   884451                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::156                   569872                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::157                   512493                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::158                   537844                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::159                   626679                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::160                  1014452                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::161                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::162                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::163                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::164                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::165                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::166                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::167                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::168                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::169                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::170                  2014459                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::171                    95853                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::172                   202011                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::173                   190540                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::174                   460661                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::175                   197923                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::176                    94332                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::177                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::178                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::179                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::180                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::181                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::182                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::183                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::184                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::185                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::186                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::187                  1483001                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::188                    37931                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::189                   183114                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::190                   154023                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::191                   166472                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::192                    23782                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::193                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::194                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::195                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::196                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::197                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::198                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::199                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::200                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::201                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::202                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::203                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::204                  2766288                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::205                    52987                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::206                   199205                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::207                    61362                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::208                    23656                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::209                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::210                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::211                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::212                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::213                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::214                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::215                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::216                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::217                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::218                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::219                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::220                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::221                  3816465                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::222                    38452                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::223                    94661                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::224                     6657                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::225                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::226                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::227                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::228                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::229                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::230                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::231                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::232                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::233                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::234                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::235                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::236                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::237                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::238                  4125886                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::239                    13785                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::240                    15599                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::241                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::242                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::243                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::244                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::245                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::246                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::247                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::248                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::249                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::250                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::251                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::252                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::253                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::254                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::255                  2306396                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::256                     1796                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::257                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::258                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::259                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::260                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::261                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::262                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::263                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::264                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::265                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::266                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::267                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::268                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::269                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::270                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::271                203427478                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::272                   314694                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::273                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::total              738192727                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::0                      24979                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::1                        110                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::2                       5074                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::3                        145                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::4                       9292                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::5                        837                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::6                      19712                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::7                        350                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::8                     241853                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::9                        245                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::10                      2035                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::11                       155                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::12                      1768                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::13                      3486                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::14                     99440                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::15                   1216913                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::16                  10064036                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::17                     70005                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::18                      1618                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::19                      2507                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::20                      4357                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::21                      5763                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::22                     19372                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::23                      5367                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::24                     17772                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::25                     94951                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::26                      4279                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::27                      1361                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::28                      2552                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::29                     10288                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::30                    207321                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::31                   3464403                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::32                  17835580                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::33                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::34                    332704                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::35                      2277                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::36                     17529                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::37                      3745                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::38                     31163                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::39                      4902                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::40                     25399                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::41                      5248                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::42                    102113                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::43                      2338                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::44                      8243                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::45                     16904                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::46                    281622                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::47                   3871684                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::48                  15486689                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::49                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::50                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::51                    211567                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::52                      7089                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::53                     13190                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::54                     13815                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::55                      7950                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::56                     22099                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::57                      6325                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::58                     13154                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::59                     95722                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::60                      9472                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::61                     27966                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::62                    230241                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::63                   2497812                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::64                   6848984                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::65                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::66                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::67                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::68                    628979                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::69                      6872                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::70                     38823                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::71                      5520                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::72                     23569                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::73                      7217                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::74                     18709                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::75                     13641                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::76                    314007                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::77                     31991                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::78                    213805                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::79                   1213778                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::80                   1955192                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::81                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::82                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::83                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::84                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::85                    527903                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::86                     14368                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::87                     12814                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::88                     21298                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::89                      9643                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::90                     19107                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::91                     19826                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::92                     90648                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::93                    932255                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::94                    196065                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::95                    675709                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::96                    480428                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::97                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::98                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::99                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::100                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::101                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::102                  1021318                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::103                     9034                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::104                    36291                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::105                    25255                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::106                    42765                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::107                    33660                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::108                    98518                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::109                   521341                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::110                  5181371                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::111                   391280                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::112                   206862                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::113                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::114                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::115                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::116                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::117                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::118                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::119                   488923                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::120                    36014                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::121                    76175                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::122                   190303                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::123                   164444                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::124                   159739                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::125                   349605                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::126                  2444421                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::127                  5780680                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::128                   132603                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::129                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::130                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::131                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::132                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::133                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::134                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::135                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::136                   868833                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::137                   215914                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::138                   391535                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::139                   665720                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::140                   504301                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::141                   450611                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::142                  1093634                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::143                  2511962                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::144                  3307525                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::145                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::146                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::147                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::148                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::149                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::150                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::151                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::152                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::153                   469711                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::154                    63899                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::155                   185208                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::156                   184985                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::157                   311686                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::158                   456700                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::159                   590100                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::160                   956143                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::161                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::162                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::163                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::164                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::165                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::166                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::167                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::168                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::169                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::170                   740117                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::171                    26869                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::172                   107141                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::173                   127949                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::174                   429109                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::175                   190009                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::176                    90054                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::177                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::178                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::179                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::180                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::181                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::182                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::183                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::184                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::185                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::186                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::187                   823124                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::188                    25438                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::189                   166011                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::190                   138555                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::191                   161563                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::192                    22928                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::193                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::194                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::195                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::196                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::197                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::198                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::199                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::200                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::201                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::202                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::203                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::204                  2130699                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::205                    46141                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::206                   181187                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::207                    58417                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::208                    23035                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::209                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::210                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::211                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::212                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::213                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::214                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::215                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::216                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::217                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::218                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::219                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::220                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::221                  3475399                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::222                    35329                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::223                    90956                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::224                     6156                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::225                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::226                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::227                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::228                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::229                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::230                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::231                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::232                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::233                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::234                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::235                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::236                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::237                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::238                  3874894                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::239                    13125                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::240                    14580                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::241                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::242                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::243                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::244                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::245                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::246                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::247                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::248                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::249                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::250                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::251                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::252                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::253                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::254                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::255                  2183022                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::256                     1637                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::257                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::258                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::259                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::260                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::261                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::262                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::263                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::264                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::265                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::266                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::267                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::268                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::269                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::270                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::271                 45340752                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::272                   295562                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::273                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::total              162546866                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::0                      19090                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::1                         55                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::2                       2854                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::3                         70                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::4                       5342                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::5                        519                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::6                      11543                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::7                        239                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::8                     175731                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::9                        157                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::10                      1209                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::11                       106                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::12                      1088                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::13                      1961                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::14                     58689                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::15                    720872                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::16                   6028878                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::17                     43733                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::18                      1001                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::19                      1614                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::20                      2489                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::21                      3272                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::22                     11255                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::23                      3231                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::24                     20711                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::25                     75921                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::26                      2506                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::27                       801                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::28                      1475                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::29                      6151                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::30                    121112                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::31                   2053262                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::32                  10675570                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::33                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::34                    280312                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::35                      2094                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::36                     13979                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::37                      2215                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::38                     19479                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::39                      2957                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::40                     18496                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::41                      5522                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::42                     78264                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::43                      1519                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::44                      5061                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::45                     10194                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::46                    167129                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::47                   2291154                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::48                   9265634                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::49                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::50                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::51                    186379                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::52                      6252                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::53                     10154                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::54                      9260                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::55                      4919                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::56                     17032                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::57                      3984                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::58                      9273                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::59                     78252                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::60                      5979                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::61                     17798                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::62                    138064                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::63                   1486524                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::64                   4095995                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::65                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::66                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::67                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::68                    594736                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::69                      6494                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::70                     33958                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::71                      4036                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::72                     23036                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::73                      4648                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::74                     12609                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::75                      9831                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::76                    239062                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::77                     20069                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::78                    133603                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::79                    731580                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::80                   1173590                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::81                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::82                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::83                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::84                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::85                    449523                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::86                     13284                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::87                     10655                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::88                     33835                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::89                      7875                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::90                     13730                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::91                     15586                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::92                     65345                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::93                    714770                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::94                    125911                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::95                    420545                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::96                    292997                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::97                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::98                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::99                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::100                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::101                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::102                   950007                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::103                     8853                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::104                    53088                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::105                    34954                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::106                    41995                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::107                    31450                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::108                    77283                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::109                   392736                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::110                  4190170                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::111                   258168                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::112                   132481                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::113                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::114                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::115                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::116                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::117                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::118                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::119                   463170                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::120                    97627                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::121                   143043                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::122                   291767                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::123                   200036                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::124                   158281                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::125                   281130                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::126                  1963405                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::127                  5820115                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::128                    86948                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::129                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::130                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::131                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::132                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::133                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::134                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::135                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::136                 22999996                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::137                   825891                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::138                   865137                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::139                  1104878                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::140                   636805                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::141                   448400                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::142                   941943                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::143                  2448359                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::144                  3009575                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::145                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::146                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::147                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::148                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::149                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::150                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::151                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::152                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::153                   540052                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::154                   136188                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::155                   290144                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::156                   226596                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::157                   269255                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::158                   370851                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::159                   614664                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::160                   638909                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::161                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::162                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::163                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::164                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::165                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::166                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::167                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::168                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::169                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::170                   698144                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::171                    33775                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::172                    97283                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::173                   103096                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::174                   317045                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::175                   180932                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::176                    60862                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::177                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::178                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::179                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::180                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::181                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::182                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::183                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::184                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::185                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::186                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::187                   731590                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::188                    21573                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::189                   127327                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::190                   109736                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::191                   138212                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::192                    16077                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::193                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::194                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::195                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::196                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::197                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::198                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::199                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::200                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::201                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::202                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::203                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::204                  1826407                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::205                    39807                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::206                   175940                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::207                    50042                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::208                    17321                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::209                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::210                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::211                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::212                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::213                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::214                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::215                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::216                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::217                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::218                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::219                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::220                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::221                  3337986                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::222                    38669                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::223                    91616                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::224                     4788                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::225                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::226                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::227                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::228                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::229                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::230                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::231                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::232                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::233                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::234                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::235                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::236                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::237                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::238                  4868278                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::239                    14928                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::240                    11568                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::241                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::242                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::243                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::244                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::245                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::246                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::247                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::248                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::249                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::250                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::251                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::252                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::253                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::254                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::255                  2946568                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::256                     1468                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::257                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::258                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::259                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::260                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::261                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::262                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::263                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::264                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::265                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::266                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::267                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::268                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::269                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::270                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::271                 44631392                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::272                   362342                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::273                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::total              156536811                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::0                       5133                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::1                         54                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::2                       2887                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::3                         76                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::4                       5387                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::5                        512                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::6                      11815                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::7                        227                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::8                      48602                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::9                         86                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::10                      1151                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::11                        63                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::12                       975                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::13                      1830                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::14                     54020                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::15                    666685                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::16                   5553057                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::17                     17131                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::18                       798                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::19                       977                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::20                      2495                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::21                      2915                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::22                     11437                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::23                      2654                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::24                      7037                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::25                     23133                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::26                      2452                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::27                       734                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::28                      1531                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::29                      5275                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::30                    111943                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::31                   1896055                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::32                   9854163                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::33                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::34                    108513                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::35                       620                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::36                      6939                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::37                      1714                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::38                     17238                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::39                      2589                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::40                     13744                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::41                      1785                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::42                     32802                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::43                      1165                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::44                      4507                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::45                      8171                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::46                    150165                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::47                   2114304                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::48                   8572511                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::49                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::50                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::51                     43433                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::52                      2358                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::53                      4475                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::54                      7084                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::55                      3686                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::56                     11675                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::57                      3021                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::58                      6330                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::59                     30667                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::60                      4856                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::61                     12977                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::62                    118903                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::63                   1353775                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::64                   3793298                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::65                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::66                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::67                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::68                    153353                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::69                      1843                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::70                     13729                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::71                      2314                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::72                     10952                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::73                      3222                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::74                      9042                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::75                      5318                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::76                    103537                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::77                     14809                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::78                    104558                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::79                    646044                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::80                   1081935                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::81                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::82                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::83                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::84                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::85                    139839                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::86                      4463                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::87                      3952                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::88                      6839                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::89                      3665                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::90                      8519                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::91                      6946                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::92                     32679                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::93                    319265                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::94                     91175                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::95                    344721                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::96                    260406                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::97                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::98                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::99                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::100                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::101                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::102                   291197                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::103                     2536                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::104                    10018                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::105                     6961                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::106                    14532                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::107                    10871                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::108                    33046                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::109                   182125                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::110                  1798301                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::111                   188538                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::112                   108000                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::113                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::114                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::115                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::116                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::117                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::118                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::119                   121473                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::120                     9181                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::121                    17108                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::122                    52406                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::123                    47887                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::124                    51224                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::125                   120966                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::126                   851086                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::127                  1444258                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::128                    68434                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::129                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::130                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::131                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::132                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::133                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::134                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::135                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::136                   240185                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::137                    74859                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::138                    98493                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::139                   197111                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::140                   155278                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::141                   152821                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::142                   354279                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::143                   667690                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::144                  1194372                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::145                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::146                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::147                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::148                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::149                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::150                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::151                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::152                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::153                   157203                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::154                    17956                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::155                    59461                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::156                    62003                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::157                   119494                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::158                   167021                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::159                   125933                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::160                   498080                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::161                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::162                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::163                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::164                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::165                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::166                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::167                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::168                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::169                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::170                   249808                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::171                     9391                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::172                    38237                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::173                    51247                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::174                   175329                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::175                    53216                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::176                    46080                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::177                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::178                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::179                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::180                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::181                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::182                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::183                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::184                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::185                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::186                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::187                   254189                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::188                     8498                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::189                    59612                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::190                    53110                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::191                    57785                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::192                    11453                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::193                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::194                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::195                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::196                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::197                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::198                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::199                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::200                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::201                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::202                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::203                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::204                   616382                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::205                    13897                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::206                    46548                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::207                    20899                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::208                    10996                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::209                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::210                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::211                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::212                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::213                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::214                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::215                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::216                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::217                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::218                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::219                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::220                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::221                   777510                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::222                     5822                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::223                    23567                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::224                     2879                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::225                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::226                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::227                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::228                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::229                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::230                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::231                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::232                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::233                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::234                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::235                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::236                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::237                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::238                   191038                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::239                     2194                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::240                     6893                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::241                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::242                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::243                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::244                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::245                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::246                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::247                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::248                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::249                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::250                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::251                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::252                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::253                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::254                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::255                    59694                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::256                      731                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::257                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::258                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::259                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::260                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::261                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::262                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::263                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::264                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::265                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::266                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::267                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::268                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::269                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::270                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::271                 18870202                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::272                    49866                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::273                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::total               69639180                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::0                   140541                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::1                        1                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::2                      128                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::3                        2                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::4                      107                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::5                        8                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::6                      133                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::7                        3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::8                   174845                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::9                        2                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::10                       8                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::11                       3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::12                       7                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::13                       8                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::14                     300                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::15                    3880                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::16                   39627                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::17                    1798                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::18                      48                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::19                      37                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::20                      61                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::21                      50                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::22                     152                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::23                      44                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::24                     658                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::25                    2432                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::26                      31                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::27                       3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::28                      12                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::29                      33                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::30                     616                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::31                   11105                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::32                   98266                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::33                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::34                   10561                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::35                      38                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::36                     271                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::37                      38                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::38                     331                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::39                      41                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::40                     331                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::41                      80                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::42                    2356                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::43                      24                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::44                      30                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::45                      58                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::46                     919                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::47                   13801                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::48                  130061                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::49                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::50                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::51                    3453                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::52                     106                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::53                     141                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::54                     170                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::55                      71                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::56                     277                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::57                      36                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::58                      93                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::59                    1955                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::60                      58                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::61                     123                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::62                     862                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::63                   11595                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::64                  105859                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::65                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::66                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::67                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::68                   10685                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::69                      66                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::70                     447                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::71                      45                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::72                     360                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::73                      37                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::74                     121                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::75                     143                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::76                    3379                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::77                     174                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::78                    1050                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::79                    7728                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::80                   63757                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::81                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::82                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::83                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::84                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::85                    6209                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::86                     166                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::87                      94                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::88                     485                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::89                     123                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::90                     139                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::91                     140                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::92                     729                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::93                    8228                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::94                    1279                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::95                    5977                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::96                   31580                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::97                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::98                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::99                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::100                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::101                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::102                  12440                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::103                     89                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::104                    655                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::105                    521                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::106                    559                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::107                    347                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::108                    922                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::109                   4182                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::110                  51560                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::111                   5164                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::112                  17237                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::113                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::114                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::115                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::116                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::117                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::118                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::119                   4838                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::120                   1542                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::121                   2169                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::122                   4416                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::123                   3149                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::124                   2409                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::125                   3827                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::126                  26380                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::127                 150586                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::128                  10926                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::129                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::130                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::131                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::132                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::133                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::134                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::135                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::136                 363083                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::137                  16069                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::138                  13891                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::139                  17267                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::140                  10255                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::141                   7125                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::142                  17351                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::143                  99021                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::144                 272059                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::145                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::146                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::147                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::148                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::149                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::150                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::151                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::152                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::153                   8254                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::154                   2363                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::155                   4747                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::156                   3757                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::157                   3830                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::158                   6947                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::159                  38111                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::160                 160174                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::161                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::162                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::163                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::164                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::165                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::166                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::167                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::168                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::169                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::170                   9619                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::171                    539                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::172                   1332                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::173                   1600                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::174                   5621                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::175                  13735                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::176                  66558                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::177                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::178                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::179                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::180                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::181                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::182                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::183                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::184                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::185                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::186                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::187                   9038                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::188                    326                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::189                   1886                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::190                   2840                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::191                  10027                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::192                  17921                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::193                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::194                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::195                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::196                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::197                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::198                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::199                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::200                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::201                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::202                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::203                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::204                  23056                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::205                    750                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::206                   5992                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::207                   5422                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::208                  12581                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::209                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::210                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::211                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::212                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::213                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::214                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::215                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::216                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::217                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::218                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::219                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::220                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::221                  53381                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::222                   1949                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::223                   9063                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::224                   5441                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::225                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::226                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::227                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::228                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::229                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::230                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::231                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::232                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::233                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::234                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::235                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::236                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::237                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::238                 158015                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::239                   3183                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::240                   8416                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::241                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::242                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::243                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::244                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::245                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::246                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::247                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::248                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::249                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::250                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::251                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::252                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::253                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::254                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::255                 258267                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::256                   2523                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::257                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::258                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::259                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::260                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::261                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::262                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::263                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::264                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::265                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::266                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::267                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::268                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::269                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::270                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::271                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::272                 243078                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::273                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::total              3182210                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ranks                    3182210                       # Total number of eranks.
system.l3.tags.total_invalid_fill             1219804                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::0                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::1                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::2                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::3                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::4                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::5                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::6                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::7                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::8                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::0                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::1                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::2                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::3                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::4                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::5                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::6                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::7                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::8                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::total                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::0                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::1                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::2                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::3                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::4                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::total                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::0                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::1                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::2                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::3                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::total                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 64469.107389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     3358178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                   3247168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                      1.034187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    24258.867528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.124769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.105961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     8.659434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 38972.874602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.007033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data  1228.468063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.370161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.594679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.018745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         64958                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1062                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        14565                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        35600                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13630                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991180                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                 259121310                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                259121310                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 35021707656579                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1483837                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1483837                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       206965                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        43100                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                250065                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       407614                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        75360                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            482974                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        614579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       118460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                   733039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       614579                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       118460                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                  733039                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data                1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       747753                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       157027                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              904781                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1948762                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       395079                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2344103                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                   6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2696515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       552106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                3248884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                  6                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2696515                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       552106                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total               3248884                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       112887                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101259296676                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  22168327482                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  123427737045                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       322011                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       548784                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     27497475                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 310673843838                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       130203                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  55162860921                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 365865203232                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst        322011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data        661671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     27497475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 411933140514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       130203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  77331188403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     489292940277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       322011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       661671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     27497475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 411933140514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       130203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  77331188403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    489292940277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1483837                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1483837                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data              1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       954718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       200127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1154846                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2356376                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       470439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2827077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3311094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       670566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              3981923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data                6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3311094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       670566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             3981923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data             1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.783219                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.784637                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.783465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.827017                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.839809                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.829161                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.814388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.823343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.815908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.814388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.823343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.815908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       112887                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 135418.108220                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 141175.259554                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136417.251296                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       107337                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 109756.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 108685.671937                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 159421.131897                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       130203                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 139624.887481                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156078.979137                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       107337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 110278.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 108685.671937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152765.009842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       130203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 140065.835914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150603.388818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       107337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 110278.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 108685.671937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152765.009842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       130203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 140065.835914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150603.388818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.total_trans::0                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::1                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::2                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::3                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::total                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks              1091015                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                   1091015                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       198638                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        198638                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       747753                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       157027                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         904781                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1948762                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       395079                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2344103                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data              6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2696515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       552106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           3248884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data             6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2696515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       552106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          3248884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        72810                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71254992164                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  15867503422                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  87122568396                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       201413                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       347632                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     17346713                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 232477886171                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        90147                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  39309852880                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 271805724956                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       201413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       420442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     17346713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 303732878335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        90147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  55177356302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 358928293352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       201413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       420442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     17346713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 303732878335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        90147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  55177356302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 358928293352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.783219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.784637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.783465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.827017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.839809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.814388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.823343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.815908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.814388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.823343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.815908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        72810                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95292.151505                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 101049.522834                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96291.332815                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67137.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69526.400000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68564.083004                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 119295.165942                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        90147                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 99498.715143                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115952.978583                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67137.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70073.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68564.083004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 112639.046449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        90147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 99939.787472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110477.411121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67137.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70073.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68564.083004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 112639.046449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        90147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 99939.787472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110477.411121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       6430336                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3181452                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 35021707656579                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2344103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1091015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2090437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            904781                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           904781                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2344103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      4840207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      4839013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total      9679220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                9679220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    138900864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    138852672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total    277753536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               277753536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           3248884                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 3248884    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             3248884                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          6715650810                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          6713178131                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        18302746163                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            411109202                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              22074                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        411131276                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           189771215                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              8172                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       189779387                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            600880417                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              30246                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        600910663                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1000030247                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                 3                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1000030250                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 1718329732218                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               4983369190                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1000000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     676723513                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      862778023                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       806359                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            676723513                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             862778023                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads    699238658                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    116026213                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads    815970401                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    693392827                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             600910663                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           411131276                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts          189779387                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       23392.399685                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       4983345797.600315                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999995                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000005                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    809662                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass            84      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu          75815285      7.58%      7.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              868      0.00%      7.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%      7.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd       180561119     18.06%     25.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     25.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     25.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult      142352479     14.23%     39.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv          389749      0.04%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead         41020307      4.10%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite        20415680      2.04%     46.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead    370110969     37.01%     83.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite    169363707     16.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1000030247                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.lookups        173900                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condPredicted       173234                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condIncorrect         1461                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBLookups       172357                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHits        172349                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHitPct    99.995358                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.usedRAS             0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectLookups            0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectHits            0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectMisses            0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_hits           87451612                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_misses            10522                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_accesses       87462134                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_hits          38047854                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_misses            2970                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_accesses      38050824                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_hits          125499466                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_misses            13492                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_accesses      125512958                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_hits          12757417                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_misses               8                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_accesses      12757425                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 1718329732218                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.numCycles              176755933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.icacheStallCycles     12774348                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Insts            201930604                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Branches            173900                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.predictedBranches       172349                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Cycles           163955403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.SquashCycles         50186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.MiscStallCycles            7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          157                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.CacheLines        12757417                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheSquashes         7159                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::samples    176755008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.142432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.793726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::0      151261166     85.58%     85.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::1         140632      0.08%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::2          33733      0.02%     85.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::3          37824      0.02%     85.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::4          85898      0.05%     85.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::5          30574      0.02%     85.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::6          27548      0.02%     85.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::7         153780      0.09%     85.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::8       24983853     14.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::total    176755008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.branchRate        0.000984                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rate              1.142426                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.IdleCycles        3788900                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BlockedCycles    147653843                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.RunCycles        18738150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.UnblockCycles      6549023                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashCycles        25091                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchResolved       171080                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchMispred            2                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.DecodedInsts    201422653                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SquashCycles        25091                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IdleCycles        6774964                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.BlockCycles      58711152                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RunCycles        22266895                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UnblockCycles     88976905                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedInsts    201251854                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.ROBFullEvents         1080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IQFullEvents       615043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.LQFullEvents     63263283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SQFullEvents     23223372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedOperands    162876061                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenameLookups    304825812                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.int_rename_lookups    140923837                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.fp_rename_lookups    163901975                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.CommittedMaps    161877646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UndoneMaps         998362                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.skidInsts        40317114                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedLoads     82547934                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedStores     38175872                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingLoads      8784661                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingStores      1226189                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsAdded        201103026                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsIssued       205794133                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        36368                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1102970                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       734260                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    176755008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.164290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.189891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    130766963     73.98%     73.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3968163      2.25%     76.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      4598409      2.60%     78.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4555733      2.58%     81.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9047788      5.12%     86.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      9381835      5.31%     91.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      7539178      4.27%     96.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4548954      2.57%     98.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2347985      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    176755008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3434      0.02%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntMult           18      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       109307      0.73%      0.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult      1886744     12.54%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            7      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2894473     19.24%     32.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        60152      0.40%     32.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead      9776545     64.98%     97.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite       315359      2.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     15498997      7.53%      7.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult          251      0.00%      7.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%      7.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     36139665     17.56%     25.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     25.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     25.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28519920     13.86%     38.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        78560      0.04%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9130984      4.44%     43.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4099278      1.99%     45.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead     78366017     38.08%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite     33960461     16.50%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::total    205794133                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.rate                 1.164284                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_cnt          15046039                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.073112                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    237179132                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     28241169                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     27842690                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    366246541                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    173985542                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    172769022                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_alu_accesses     31687587                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_alu_accesses     189152585                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9196720                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       414015                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          383                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        20760                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       221116                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5274089                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewSquashCycles        25091                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewBlockCycles      21816881                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewUnblockCycles     34432464                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    201103053                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     82547934                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     38175872                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18882                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     34341122                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        20760                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1397                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           68                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.branchMispredicts         1465                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecutedInsts    205730621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     87462134                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        63504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_refs          125512958                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_branches         171880                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_stores         38050824                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_rate           1.163925                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_sent            200668407                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_count           200611712                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_producers       131380382                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_consumers       136768699                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_rate             1.134965                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_fanout           0.960603                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1059962                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branchMispredicts         1459                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    176608871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.132446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.563597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    142182194     80.51%     80.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2849466      1.61%     82.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3119672      1.77%     83.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2395282      1.36%     85.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2948781      1.67%     86.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2476462      1.40%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1821896      1.03%     89.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1904386      1.08%     90.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     16910732      9.58%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    176608871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedInsts    200000024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedOps    200000024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.refs            120088640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.loads            82133897                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.membars                 0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branches           167612                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.fp_insts        172405126                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.int_insts       135398704                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           18      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     15310537      7.66%      7.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          186      0.00%      7.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%      7.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd     36073856     18.04%     25.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     25.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     25.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult     28449010     14.22%     39.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv        77777      0.04%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      8202704      4.10%     44.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4081453      2.04%     46.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     73931193     36.97%     83.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     33873290     16.94%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::total    200000024                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.bw_lim_events     16910732                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_reads          360680125                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_writes         402267233                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus_1.timesIdled                     4                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus_1.idleCycles                   925                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus_1.committedInsts         200000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.committedOps           200000006                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi                     0.883780                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi_total               0.883780                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc                     1.131504                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc_total               1.131504                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_reads      145554101                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_writes      23578334                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_reads       163400728                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_writes      138856921                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      7959978                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3978055                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         199396                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       199396                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 35021707656579                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2827077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2574852                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4585413                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1154846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1154846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2827077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     11941901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side    349808640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                         3182210                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                  69824960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7164133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.027833                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.164493                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                6964737     97.22%     97.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                 199396      2.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            7164133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3144790395                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2651960718                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
