
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.190590                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1190590395356                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               191241900310356                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 398940                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   398940                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              395811667                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2538016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3007.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1200000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1200000007                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191241900310356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.data            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        12992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     20728000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data      4647744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25389504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        12992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        13568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     16722496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       16722496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.data               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       323875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data        72621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             396711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       261289                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            261289                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.inst               161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.data               161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        10912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     17409850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst          323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data      3903730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             21325138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        10912                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst          323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           11396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       14045549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            14045549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       14045549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.inst              161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.data              161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        10912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     17409850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst          323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data      3903730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            35370687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     396711                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    261289                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   396711                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  261289                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25326016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  63488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               16721088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25389504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            16722496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   992                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            25843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            26362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            25466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            23160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            23959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            25241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            25365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           24340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           22978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           23941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           25731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            17130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            16887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            17311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            16602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            14857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            15848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            16323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            16848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            16788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            16117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           16305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           16018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           15269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           15663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           16113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           17188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1190567138769                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               396711                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              261289                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 388963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   6527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 11269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 11542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 14426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 14845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 14921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 14927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 14919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 14960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 14969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 14963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 14958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 14941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 14965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 14986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 15008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 14915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 14829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 14820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       418959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.360904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.939041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   105.867380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       322035     76.87%     76.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        69513     16.59%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14544      3.47%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6650      1.59%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2159      0.52%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          986      0.24%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          729      0.17%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          527      0.13%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1816      0.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       418959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        14818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.704481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   237.195359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        14817     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        14818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        14818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.631732                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.604907                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.961686                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            3361     22.68%     22.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             160      1.08%     23.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           10105     68.19%     91.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1023      6.90%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             131      0.88%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              24      0.16%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               7      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               4      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        14818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 18829184169                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            26248915419                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1978595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    47582.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               66332.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       21.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       14.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    21.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    14.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     23.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  187923                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  50104                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                47.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               19.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1809372.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   36.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1509174660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               802145355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1427400240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             688027320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        43837968720.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         24789257250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          2101875360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   115204991400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy    57534091680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    181878040380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          429787852335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           360.987165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        1130635859392                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3700742338                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  18622574000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 728250377356                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 149828811163                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  37544572318                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 252643318181                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1482192600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               787804050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1398033420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             675786420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        44510999520.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         24811878270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          2131890720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   117183323460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy    58615447200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    180225231105                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          431839219245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           362.710146                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        1130344379709                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3759743704                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  18908282000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 720964226356                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 152644423803                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  37332640251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 256981079242                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191241900310356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.data             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     20700928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data      4652928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          25368896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        14080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        14976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     16725504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       16725504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.data               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       323452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data        72702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             396389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       261336                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            261336                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.inst               108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.data                54                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        11826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     17387112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst          645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data      3908085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             21307829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          108                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        11826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst          645                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           12579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       14048076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            14048076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       14048076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.inst              108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.data               54                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        11826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     17387112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst          645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data      3908085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            35355904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     396389                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    261336                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   396389                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  261336                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              25307072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  61824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               16723968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               25368896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            16725504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   966                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            25895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            25354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            26216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            25360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            25194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            25544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            23955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           24703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           22998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           24525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           25651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            17233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            16835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            17233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            16550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            14976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            16011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            16200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            16796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            16997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            15933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           16279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           16000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           15275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           15630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           16169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           17195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1190566333575                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               396389                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              261336                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 388519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   6659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                     33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 11234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 11496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 14425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 14866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 14931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 14936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 14950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 14959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 14990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 14981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 14963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 14945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 14982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 14967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 14985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 14935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 14837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 14825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       419175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.270865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.850193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   106.039265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       322680     76.98%     76.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        69043     16.47%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14512      3.46%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6698      1.60%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2176      0.52%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          952      0.23%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          736      0.18%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          589      0.14%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1789      0.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       419175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        14826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.669500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   237.989257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        14825     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        14826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        14826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.625253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.598216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.966065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            3398     22.92%     22.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             162      1.09%     24.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           10115     68.22%     92.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             980      6.61%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             117      0.79%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              40      0.27%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               8      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        14826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 18914991035                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            26329172285                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1977115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    47834.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               66584.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       21.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       14.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    21.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    14.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     22.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  187926                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  49634                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                47.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               18.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1810127.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   36.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1510167120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               802672860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1427742960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             688173480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        43885910640.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         24848244840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          2100991200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   115135198320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy    57607471200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    181871843175                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          429893285595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           361.075718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        1130504848835                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3697722152                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  18643178000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 728085315106                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 150019961690                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  37654048682                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 252490169726                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1482742380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               788096265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1395577260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             675875160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        44491331040.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         24923435250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          2131731360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   116680939140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy    58785603360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    180337442535                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          431708680590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           362.600503                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        1130337749777                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3756193517                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  18900064000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 721380142106                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 153086845989                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  37587850566                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 255879299178                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191241900310356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                       4                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted                 2                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect                 2                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                    2                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            6                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        6                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           1                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       1                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            7                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        7                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           7                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       7                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1190590395356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                              851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles                 50                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                             19                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                           4                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                             4                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                       7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                 6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                         7                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                     4                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples                 63                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.301587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.432738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                       59     93.65%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                        1      1.59%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                        1      1.59%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                        0      0.00%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                        0      0.00%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                        0      0.00%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                        0      0.00%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                        0      0.00%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                        2      3.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                   63                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.004700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.022327                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                       55                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                     1                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                         4                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.BranchResolved                    1                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu.decode.BranchMispred                     1                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                     15                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                       55                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                       1                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                         4                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                     15                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands                  10                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                    20                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups               20                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                     2                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                        8                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                         0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                    6                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                   2                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                         15                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                        11                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined              12                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           12                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            63                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.174603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.636008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  57     90.48%     90.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                   3      4.76%     95.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                   2      3.17%     98.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                   0      0.00%     98.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                   1      1.59%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              63                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                     4     36.36%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     36.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                    6     54.55%     90.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                   1      9.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                     11                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.012926                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                          0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 85                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                28                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            6                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                     11                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads                0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            5                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            2                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                       1                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  15                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                     6                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                    2                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect              0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            1                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                    1                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    11                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                     6                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                            7                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                        2                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                          1                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.012926                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                              6                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                             6                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                         2                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                         2                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.007051                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                            1                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts              12                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts                 1                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples           59                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.050847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.289097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0           57     96.61%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            1      1.69%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            1      1.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total           59                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                    3                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                      3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                              1                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                             1                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                          1                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                         3                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu                2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead               1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total                 3                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                     0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                           73                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                          33                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                               3                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                             788                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                           3                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                             283.666667                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                       283.666667                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.003525                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.003525                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       53                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       3                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        32                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191241900310356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          13155625                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::0                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::1                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::2                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::3                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::4                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::5                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::6                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::7                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::8                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::9                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::10                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::11                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::12                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::13                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::14                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::15                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::16                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::17                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::18                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::19                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::20                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::21                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::22                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::23                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::24                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::25                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::26                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::27                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::28                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::29                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::30                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::31                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::32                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::33                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::34                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::35                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::36                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::37                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::38                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::39                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::40                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::41                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::42                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::43                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::44                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::45                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::46                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::47                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::48                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::49                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::50                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::51                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::52                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::53                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::54                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::55                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::56                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::57                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::58                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::59                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::60                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::61                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::62                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::63                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::64                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::65                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::66                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::67                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::68                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::69                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::70                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::71                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::72                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::73                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::74                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::75                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::76                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::77                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::78                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::79                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::80                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::81                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::82                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::83                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::84                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::85                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::86                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::87                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::88                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::89                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::90                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::91                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::92                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::93                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::94                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::95                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::96                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::97                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::98                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::99                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::100                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::101                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::102                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::103                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::104                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::105                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::106                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::107                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::108                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::109                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::110                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::111                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::112                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::113                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::114                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::115                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::116                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::117                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::118                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::119                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::120                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::121                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::122                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::123                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::124                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::125                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::126                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::127                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::128                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::129                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::130                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::131                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::132                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::133                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::134                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::135                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::136                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::137                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::138                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::139                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::140                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::141                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::142                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::143                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::144                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::145                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::146                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::147                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::148                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::149                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::150                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::151                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::152                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::153                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::154                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::155                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::156                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::157                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::158                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::159                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::160                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::161                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::162                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::163                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::164                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::165                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::166                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::167                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::168                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::169                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::170                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::171                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::172                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::173                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::174                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::175                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::176                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::177                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::178                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::179                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::180                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::181                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::182                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::183                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::184                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::185                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::186                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::187                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::188                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::189                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::190                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::191                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::192                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::193                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::194                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::195                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::196                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::197                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::198                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::199                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::200                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::201                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::202                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::203                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::204                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::205                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::206                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::207                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::208                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::209                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::210                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::211                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::212                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::213                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::214                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::215                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::216                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::217                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::218                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::219                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::220                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::221                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::222                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::223                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::224                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::225                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::226                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::227                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::228                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::229                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::230                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::231                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::232                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::233                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::234                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::235                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::236                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::237                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::238                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::239                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::240                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::241                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::242                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::243                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::244                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::245                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::246                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::247                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::248                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::249                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::250                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::251                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::252                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::253                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::254                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::255                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::256                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::257                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::0                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::1                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::2                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::3                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::4                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::5                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::6                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::7                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::8                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::9                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::10                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::11                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::12                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::13                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::14                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::15                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::16                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::17                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::18                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::19                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::20                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::21                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::22                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::23                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::24                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::25                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::26                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::27                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::28                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::29                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::30                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::31                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::32                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::33                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::34                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::35                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::36                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::37                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::38                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::39                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::40                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::41                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::42                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::43                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::44                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::45                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::46                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::47                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::48                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::49                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::50                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::51                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::52                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::53                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::54                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::55                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::56                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::57                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::58                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::59                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::60                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::61                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::62                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::63                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::64                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::65                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::66                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::67                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::68                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::69                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::70                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::71                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::72                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::73                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::74                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::75                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::76                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::77                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::78                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::79                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::80                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::81                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::82                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::83                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::84                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::85                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::86                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::87                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::88                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::89                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::90                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::91                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::92                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::93                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::94                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::95                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::96                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::97                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::98                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::99                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::100                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::101                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::102                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::103                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::104                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::105                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::106                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::107                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::108                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::109                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::110                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::111                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::112                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::113                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::114                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::115                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::116                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::117                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::118                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::119                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::120                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::121                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::122                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::123                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::124                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::125                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::126                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::127                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::128                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::129                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::130                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::131                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::132                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::133                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::134                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::135                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::136                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::137                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::138                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::139                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::140                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::141                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::142                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::143                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::144                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::145                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::146                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::147                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::148                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::149                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::150                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::151                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::152                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::153                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::154                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::155                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::156                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::157                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::158                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::159                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::160                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::161                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::162                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::163                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::164                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::165                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::166                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::167                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::168                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::169                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::170                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::171                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::172                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::173                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::174                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::175                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::176                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::177                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::178                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::179                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::180                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::181                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::182                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::183                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::184                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::185                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::186                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::187                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::188                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::189                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::190                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::191                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::192                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::193                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::194                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::195                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::196                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::197                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::198                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::199                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::200                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::201                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::202                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::203                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::204                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::205                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::206                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::207                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::208                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::209                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::210                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::211                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::212                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::213                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::214                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::215                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::216                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::217                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::218                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::219                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::220                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::221                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::222                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::223                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::224                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::225                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::226                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::227                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::228                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::229                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::230                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::231                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::232                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::233                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::234                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::235                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::236                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::237                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::238                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::239                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::240                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::241                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::242                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::243                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::244                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::245                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::246                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::247                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::248                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::249                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::250                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::251                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::252                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::253                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::254                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::255                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::256                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::257                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::0                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::1                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::2                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::3                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::4                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::5                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::6                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::7                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::8                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::9                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::10                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::11                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::12                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::13                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::14                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::15                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::16                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::17                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::18                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::19                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::20                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::21                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::22                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::23                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::24                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::25                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::26                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::27                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::28                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::29                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::30                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::31                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::32                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::33                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::34                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::35                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::36                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::37                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::38                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::39                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::40                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::41                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::42                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::43                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::44                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::45                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::46                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::47                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::48                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::49                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::50                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::51                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::52                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::53                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::54                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::55                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::56                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::57                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::58                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::59                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::60                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::61                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::62                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::63                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::64                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::65                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::66                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::67                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::68                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::69                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::70                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::71                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::72                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::73                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::74                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::75                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::76                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::77                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::78                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::79                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::80                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::81                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::82                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::83                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::84                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::85                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::86                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::87                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::88                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::89                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::90                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::91                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::92                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::93                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::94                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::95                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::96                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::97                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::98                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::99                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::100                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::101                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::102                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::103                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::104                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::105                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::106                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::107                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::108                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::109                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::110                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::111                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::112                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::113                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::114                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::115                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::116                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::117                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::118                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::119                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::120                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::121                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::122                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::123                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::124                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::125                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::126                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::127                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::128                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::129                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::130                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::131                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::132                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::133                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::134                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::135                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::136                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::137                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::138                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::139                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::140                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::141                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::142                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::143                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::144                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::145                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::146                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::147                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::148                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::149                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::150                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::151                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::152                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::153                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::154                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::155                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::156                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::157                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::158                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::159                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::160                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::161                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::162                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::163                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::164                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::165                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::166                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::167                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::168                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::169                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::170                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::171                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::172                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::173                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::174                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::175                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::176                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::177                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::178                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::179                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::180                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::181                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::182                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::183                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::184                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::185                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::186                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::187                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::188                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::189                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::190                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::191                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::192                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::193                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::194                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::195                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::196                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::197                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::198                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::199                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::200                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::201                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::202                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::203                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::204                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::205                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::206                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::207                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::208                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::209                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::210                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::211                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::212                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::213                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::214                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::215                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::216                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::217                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::218                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::219                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::220                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::221                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::222                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::223                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::224                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::225                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::226                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::227                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::228                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::229                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::230                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::231                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::232                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::233                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::234                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::235                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::236                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::237                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::238                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::239                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::240                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::241                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::242                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::243                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::244                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::245                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::246                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::247                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::248                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::249                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::250                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::251                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::252                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::253                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::254                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::255                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::256                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::257                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::0                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::1                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::2                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::3                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::4                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::5                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::6                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::7                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::8                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::9                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::10                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::11                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::12                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::13                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::14                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::15                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::16                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::17                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::18                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::19                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::20                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::21                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::22                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::23                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::24                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::25                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::26                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::27                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::28                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::29                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::30                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::31                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::32                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::33                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::34                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::35                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::36                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::37                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::38                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::39                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::40                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::41                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::42                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::43                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::44                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::45                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::46                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::47                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::48                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::49                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::50                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::51                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::52                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::53                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::54                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::55                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::56                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::57                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::58                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::59                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::60                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::61                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::62                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::63                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::64                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::65                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::66                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::67                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::68                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::69                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::70                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::71                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::72                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::73                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::74                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::75                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::76                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::77                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::78                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::79                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::80                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::81                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::82                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::83                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::84                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::85                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::86                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::87                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::88                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::89                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::90                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::91                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::92                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::93                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::94                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::95                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::96                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::97                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::98                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::99                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::100                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::101                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::102                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::103                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::104                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::105                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::106                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::107                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::108                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::109                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::110                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::111                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::112                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::113                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::114                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::115                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::116                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::117                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::118                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::119                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::120                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::121                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::122                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::123                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::124                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::125                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::126                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::127                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::128                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::129                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::130                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::131                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::132                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::133                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::134                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::135                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::136                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::137                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::138                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::139                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::140                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::141                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::142                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::143                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::144                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::145                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::146                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::147                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::148                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::149                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::150                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::151                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::152                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::153                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::154                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::155                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::156                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::157                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::158                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::159                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::160                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::161                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::162                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::163                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::164                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::165                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::166                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::167                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::168                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::169                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::170                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::171                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::172                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::173                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::174                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::175                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::176                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::177                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::178                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::179                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::180                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::181                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::182                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::183                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::184                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::185                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::186                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::187                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::188                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::189                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::190                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::191                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::192                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::193                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::194                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::195                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::196                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::197                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::198                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::199                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::200                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::201                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::202                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::203                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::204                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::205                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::206                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::207                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::208                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::209                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::210                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::211                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::212                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::213                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::214                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::215                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::216                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::217                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::218                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::219                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::220                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::221                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::222                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::223                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::224                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::225                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::226                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::227                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::228                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::229                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::230                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::231                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::232                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::233                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::234                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::235                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::236                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::237                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::238                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::239                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::240                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::241                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::242                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::243                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::244                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::245                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::246                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::247                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::248                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::249                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::250                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::251                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::252                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::253                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::254                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::255                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::256                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::257                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::0        1395961161                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::1         868831681                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::2         581831519                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::3         521346711                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::total    3367971072                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::0     907928749                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::1     570199662                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::2     377102769                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::3    1512739892                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::total   3367971072                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.947037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           414644505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          13156137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             31.517193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      190051637188266                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.252591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   484.139639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data    27.554807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.945585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.053818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        3454268913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       3454268913                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191241900310356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    250274988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     71172281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       321447269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79685759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     13381707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       93067466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    329960747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     84553988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        414514735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    329960747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     84553988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       414514735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      7970946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4617537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12588489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2352106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       683767                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3035873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     10323052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      5301304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       15624362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     10323052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      5301304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      15624362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       602064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 160613662896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 141348711132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 301962976092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78188108292                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  21306847664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  99494955956                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       602064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 238801771188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 162655558796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 401457932048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       602064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 238801771188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 162655558796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 401457932048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    258245934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     75789818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    334035758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     82037865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     14065474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     96103339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    340283799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     89855292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    430139097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    340283799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     89855292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    430139097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.060926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028671                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.048613                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031590                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.058998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.058998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       100344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20149.887215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 30611.278509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23987.229610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33241.745182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 31160.976859                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32773.095566                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       100344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23132.865279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 30682.179101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25694.356803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       100344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23132.865279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 30682.179101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25694.356803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     14380303                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       101906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            794803                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets             490                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.092915                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   207.971429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4593570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           4593570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      2230761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2230763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       122977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       122977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      2353738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2353740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      2353738                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2353740                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7970946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2386776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10357726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2352106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       560790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2912896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10323052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2947566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13270622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10323052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2947566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13270622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       398268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 155305012860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  47328114177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 202633525305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  76621605696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  14879818735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  91501424431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       398268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 231926618556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  62207932912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 294134949736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       398268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 231926618556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  62207932912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 294134949736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.031492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028671                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.039870                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030310                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.032803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.032803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        99567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19483.887215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 19829.307056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19563.514743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32575.745182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 26533.673452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31412.527063                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        99567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22466.865279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 21104.848174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22164.368010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        99567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22466.865279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 21104.848174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22164.368010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191241900310356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                43                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::0                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::1                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::2                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::3                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::4                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::5                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::6                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::7                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::8                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::9                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::10                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::11                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::12                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::13                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::14                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::15                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::16                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::17                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::18                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::19                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::20                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::21                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::22                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::23                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::24                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::25                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::26                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::27                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::28                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::29                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::30                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::31                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::32                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::33                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::34                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::35                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::36                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::37                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::38                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::39                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::40                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::41                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::42                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::43                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::44                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::45                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::46                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::47                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::48                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::49                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::50                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::51                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::52                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::53                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::54                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::55                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::56                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::57                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::58                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::59                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::60                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::61                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::62                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::63                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::64                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::65                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::66                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::67                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::68                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::69                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::70                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::71                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::72                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::73                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::74                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::75                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::76                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::77                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::78                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::79                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::80                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::81                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::82                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::83                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::84                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::85                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::86                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::87                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::88                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::89                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::90                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::91                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::92                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::93                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::94                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::95                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::96                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::97                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::98                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::99                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::100                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::101                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::102                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::103                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::104                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::105                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::106                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::107                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::108                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::109                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::110                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::111                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::112                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::113                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::114                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::115                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::116                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::117                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::118                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::119                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::120                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::121                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::122                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::123                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::124                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::125                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::126                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::127                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::128                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::129                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::130                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::131                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::132                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::133                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::134                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::135                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::136                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::137                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::138                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::139                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::140                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::141                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::142                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::143                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::144                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::145                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::146                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::147                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::148                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::149                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::150                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::151                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::152                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::153                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::154                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::155                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::156                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::157                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::158                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::159                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::160                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::161                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::162                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::163                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::164                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::165                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::166                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::167                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::168                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::169                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::170                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::171                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::172                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::173                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::174                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::175                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::176                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::177                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::178                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::179                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::180                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::181                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::182                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::183                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::184                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::185                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::186                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::187                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::188                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::189                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::190                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::191                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::192                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::193                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::194                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::195                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::196                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::197                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::198                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::199                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::200                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::201                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::202                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::203                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::204                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::205                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::206                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::207                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::208                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::209                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::210                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::211                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::212                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::213                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::214                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::215                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::216                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::217                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::218                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::219                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::220                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::221                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::222                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::223                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::224                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::225                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::226                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::227                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::228                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::229                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::230                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::231                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::232                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::233                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::234                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::235                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::236                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::237                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::238                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::239                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::240                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::241                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::242                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::243                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::244                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::245                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::246                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::247                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::248                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::249                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::250                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::251                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::252                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::253                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::254                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::255                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::256                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::257                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::0                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::1                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::2                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::3                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::4                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::5                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::6                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::7                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::8                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::9                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::10                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::11                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::12                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::13                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::14                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::15                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::16                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::17                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::18                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::19                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::20                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::21                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::22                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::23                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::24                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::25                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::26                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::27                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::28                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::29                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::30                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::31                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::32                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::33                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::34                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::35                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::36                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::37                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::38                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::39                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::40                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::41                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::42                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::43                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::44                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::45                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::46                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::47                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::48                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::49                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::50                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::51                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::52                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::53                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::54                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::55                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::56                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::57                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::58                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::59                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::60                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::61                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::62                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::63                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::64                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::65                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::66                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::67                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::68                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::69                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::70                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::71                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::72                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::73                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::74                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::75                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::76                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::77                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::78                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::79                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::80                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::81                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::82                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::83                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::84                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::85                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::86                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::87                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::88                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::89                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::90                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::91                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::92                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::93                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::94                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::95                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::96                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::97                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::98                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::99                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::100                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::101                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::102                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::103                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::104                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::105                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::106                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::107                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::108                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::109                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::110                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::111                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::112                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::113                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::114                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::115                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::116                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::117                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::118                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::119                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::120                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::121                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::122                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::123                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::124                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::125                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::126                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::127                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::128                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::129                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::130                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::131                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::132                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::133                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::134                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::135                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::136                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::137                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::138                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::139                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::140                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::141                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::142                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::143                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::144                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::145                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::146                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::147                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::148                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::149                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::150                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::151                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::152                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::153                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::154                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::155                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::156                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::157                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::158                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::159                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::160                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::161                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::162                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::163                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::164                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::165                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::166                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::167                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::168                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::169                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::170                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::171                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::172                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::173                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::174                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::175                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::176                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::177                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::178                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::179                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::180                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::181                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::182                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::183                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::184                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::185                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::186                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::187                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::188                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::189                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::190                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::191                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::192                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::193                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::194                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::195                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::196                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::197                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::198                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::199                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::200                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::201                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::202                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::203                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::204                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::205                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::206                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::207                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::208                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::209                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::210                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::211                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::212                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::213                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::214                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::215                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::216                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::217                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::218                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::219                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::220                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::221                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::222                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::223                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::224                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::225                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::226                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::227                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::228                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::229                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::230                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::231                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::232                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::233                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::234                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::235                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::236                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::237                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::238                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::239                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::240                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::241                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::242                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::243                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::244                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::245                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::246                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::247                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::248                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::249                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::250                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::251                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::252                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::253                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::254                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::255                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::256                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::257                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::0                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::1                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::2                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::3                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::4                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::5                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::6                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::7                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::8                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::9                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::10                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::11                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::12                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::13                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::14                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::15                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::16                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::17                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::18                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::19                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::20                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::21                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::22                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::23                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::24                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::25                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::26                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::27                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::28                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::29                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::30                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::31                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::32                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::33                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::34                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::35                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::36                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::37                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::38                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::39                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::40                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::41                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::42                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::43                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::44                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::45                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::46                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::47                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::48                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::49                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::50                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::51                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::52                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::53                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::54                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::55                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::56                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::57                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::58                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::59                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::60                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::61                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::62                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::63                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::64                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::65                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::66                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::67                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::68                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::69                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::70                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::71                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::72                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::73                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::74                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::75                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::76                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::77                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::78                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::79                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::80                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::81                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::82                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::83                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::84                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::85                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::86                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::87                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::88                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::89                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::90                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::91                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::92                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::93                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::94                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::95                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::96                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::97                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::98                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::99                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::100                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::101                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::102                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::103                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::104                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::105                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::106                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::107                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::108                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::109                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::110                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::111                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::112                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::113                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::114                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::115                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::116                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::117                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::118                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::119                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::120                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::121                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::122                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::123                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::124                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::125                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::126                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::127                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::128                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::129                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::130                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::131                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::132                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::133                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::134                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::135                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::136                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::137                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::138                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::139                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::140                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::141                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::142                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::143                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::144                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::145                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::146                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::147                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::148                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::149                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::150                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::151                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::152                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::153                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::154                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::155                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::156                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::157                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::158                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::159                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::160                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::161                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::162                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::163                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::164                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::165                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::166                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::167                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::168                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::169                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::170                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::171                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::172                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::173                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::174                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::175                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::176                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::177                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::178                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::179                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::180                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::181                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::182                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::183                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::184                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::185                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::186                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::187                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::188                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::189                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::190                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::191                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::192                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::193                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::194                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::195                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::196                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::197                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::198                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::199                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::200                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::201                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::202                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::203                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::204                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::205                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::206                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::207                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::208                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::209                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::210                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::211                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::212                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::213                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::214                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::215                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::216                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::217                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::218                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::219                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::220                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::221                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::222                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::223                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::224                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::225                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::226                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::227                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::228                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::229                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::230                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::231                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::232                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::233                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::234                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::235                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::236                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::237                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::238                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::239                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::240                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::241                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::242                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::243                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::244                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::245                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::246                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::247                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::248                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::249                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::250                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::251                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::252                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::253                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::254                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::255                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::256                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::257                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::0                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::1                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::2                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::3                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::4                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::5                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::6                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::7                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::8                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::9                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::10                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::11                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::12                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::13                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::14                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::15                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::16                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::17                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::18                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::19                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::20                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::21                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::22                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::23                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::24                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::25                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::26                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::27                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::28                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::29                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::30                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::31                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::32                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::33                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::34                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::35                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::36                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::37                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::38                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::39                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::40                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::41                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::42                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::43                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::44                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::45                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::46                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::47                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::48                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::49                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::50                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::51                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::52                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::53                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::54                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::55                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::56                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::57                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::58                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::59                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::60                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::61                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::62                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::63                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::64                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::65                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::66                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::67                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::68                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::69                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::70                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::71                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::72                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::73                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::74                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::75                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::76                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::77                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::78                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::79                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::80                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::81                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::82                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::83                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::84                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::85                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::86                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::87                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::88                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::89                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::90                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::91                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::92                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::93                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::94                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::95                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::96                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::97                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::98                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::99                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::100                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::101                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::102                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::103                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::104                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::105                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::106                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::107                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::108                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::109                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::110                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::111                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::112                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::113                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::114                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::115                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::116                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::117                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::118                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::119                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::120                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::121                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::122                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::123                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::124                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::125                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::126                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::127                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::128                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::129                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::130                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::131                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::132                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::133                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::134                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::135                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::136                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::137                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::138                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::139                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::140                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::141                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::142                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::143                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::144                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::145                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::146                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::147                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::148                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::149                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::150                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::151                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::152                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::153                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::154                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::155                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::156                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::157                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::158                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::159                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::160                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::161                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::162                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::163                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::164                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::165                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::166                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::167                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::168                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::169                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::170                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::171                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::172                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::173                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::174                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::175                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::176                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::177                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::178                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::179                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::180                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::181                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::182                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::183                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::184                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::185                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::186                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::187                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::188                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::189                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::190                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::191                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::192                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::193                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::194                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::195                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::196                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::197                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::198                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::199                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::200                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::201                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::202                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::203                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::204                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::205                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::206                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::207                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::208                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::209                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::210                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::211                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::212                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::213                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::214                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::215                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::216                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::217                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::218                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::219                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::220                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::221                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::222                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::223                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::224                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::225                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::226                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::227                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::228                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::229                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::230                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::231                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::232                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::233                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::234                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::235                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::236                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::237                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::238                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::239                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::240                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::241                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::242                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::243                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::244                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::245                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::246                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::247                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::248                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::249                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::250                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::251                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::252                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::253                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::254                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::255                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::256                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::257                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::0             56999                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::1             20670                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::2             18749                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::3             18782                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::total        115200                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::0         51057                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::1         18212                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::2         14574                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::3         31357                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::total       115200                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           295.292599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1052744557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          2339432.348889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     3.795224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   291.338768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.158606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.007413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.569021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.576743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        8421960546                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       8421960546                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191241900310356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1002697699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     50046857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1052744557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1002697699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     50046857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1052744557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1002697699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     50046857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1052744557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       544788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58659948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      2588076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61792812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       544788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58659948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      2588076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61792812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       544788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58659948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      2588076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61792812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1002698126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     50046879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1052745012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1002698126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     50046879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1052745012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1002698126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     50046879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1052745012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.857143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.857143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.857143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 137376.927400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 117639.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135808.378022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 137376.927400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 117639.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 135808.378022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 137376.927400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 117639.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 135808.378022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       449883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58375566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      2224773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61050222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       449883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58375566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      2224773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61050222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       449883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58375566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      2224773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61050222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89976.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 136710.927400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 123598.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135667.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89976.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 136710.927400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 123598.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135667.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89976.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 136710.927400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 123598.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135667.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191241900310356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.tags.replacements               7574999                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::0                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::1                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::2                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::3                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::4                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::5                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::6                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::7                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::8                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::9                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::10                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::11                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::12                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::13                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::14                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::15                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::16                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::17                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::18                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::19                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::20                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::21                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::22                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::23                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::24                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::25                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::26                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::27                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::28                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::29                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::30                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::31                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::32                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::33                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::34                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::35                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::36                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::37                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::38                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::39                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::40                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::41                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::42                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::43                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::44                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::45                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::46                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::47                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::48                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::49                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::50                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::51                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::52                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::53                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::54                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::55                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::56                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::57                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::58                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::59                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::60                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::61                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::62                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::63                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::64                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::65                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::66                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::67                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::68                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::69                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::70                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::71                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::72                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::73                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::74                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::75                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::76                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::77                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::78                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::79                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::80                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::81                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::82                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::83                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::84                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::85                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::86                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::87                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::88                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::89                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::90                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::91                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::92                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::93                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::94                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::95                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::96                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::97                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::98                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::99                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::100                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::101                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::102                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::103                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::104                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::105                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::106                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::107                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::108                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::109                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::110                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::111                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::112                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::113                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::114                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::115                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::116                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::117                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::118                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::119                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::120                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::121                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::122                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::123                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::124                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::125                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::126                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::127                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::128                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::129                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::130                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::131                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::132                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::133                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::134                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::135                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::136                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::137                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::138                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::139                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::140                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::141                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::142                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::143                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::144                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::145                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::146                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::147                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::148                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::149                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::150                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::151                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::152                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::153                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::154                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::155                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::156                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::157                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::158                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::159                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::160                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::161                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::162                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::163                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::164                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::165                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::166                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::167                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::168                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::169                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::170                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::171                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::172                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::173                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::174                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::175                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::176                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::177                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::178                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::179                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::180                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::181                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::182                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::183                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::184                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::185                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::186                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::187                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::188                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::189                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::190                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::191                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::192                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::193                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::194                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::195                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::196                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::197                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::198                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::199                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::200                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::201                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::202                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::203                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::204                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::205                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::206                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::207                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::208                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::209                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::210                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::211                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::212                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::213                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::214                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::215                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::216                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::217                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::218                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::219                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::220                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::221                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::222                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::223                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::224                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::225                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::226                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::227                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::228                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::229                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::230                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::231                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::232                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::233                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::234                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::235                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::236                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::237                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::238                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::239                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::240                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::241                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::242                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::243                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::244                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::245                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::246                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::247                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::248                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::249                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::250                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::251                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::252                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::253                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::254                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::255                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::256                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::257                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::0                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::1                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::2                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::3                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::4                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::5                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::6                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::7                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::8                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::9                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::10                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::11                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::12                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::13                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::14                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::15                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::16                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::17                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::18                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::19                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::20                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::21                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::22                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::23                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::24                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::25                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::26                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::27                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::28                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::29                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::30                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::31                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::32                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::33                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::34                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::35                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::36                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::37                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::38                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::39                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::40                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::41                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::42                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::43                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::44                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::45                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::46                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::47                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::48                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::49                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::50                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::51                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::52                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::53                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::54                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::55                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::56                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::57                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::58                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::59                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::60                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::61                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::62                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::63                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::64                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::65                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::66                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::67                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::68                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::69                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::70                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::71                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::72                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::73                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::74                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::75                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::76                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::77                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::78                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::79                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::80                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::81                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::82                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::83                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::84                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::85                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::86                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::87                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::88                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::89                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::90                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::91                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::92                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::93                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::94                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::95                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::96                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::97                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::98                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::99                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::100                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::101                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::102                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::103                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::104                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::105                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::106                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::107                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::108                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::109                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::110                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::111                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::112                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::113                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::114                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::115                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::116                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::117                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::118                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::119                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::120                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::121                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::122                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::123                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::124                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::125                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::126                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::127                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::128                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::129                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::130                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::131                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::132                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::133                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::134                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::135                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::136                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::137                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::138                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::139                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::140                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::141                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::142                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::143                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::144                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::145                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::146                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::147                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::148                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::149                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::150                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::151                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::152                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::153                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::154                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::155                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::156                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::157                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::158                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::159                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::160                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::161                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::162                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::163                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::164                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::165                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::166                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::167                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::168                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::169                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::170                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::171                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::172                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::173                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::174                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::175                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::176                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::177                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::178                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::179                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::180                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::181                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::182                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::183                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::184                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::185                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::186                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::187                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::188                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::189                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::190                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::191                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::192                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::193                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::194                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::195                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::196                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::197                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::198                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::199                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::200                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::201                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::202                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::203                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::204                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::205                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::206                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::207                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::208                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::209                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::210                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::211                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::212                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::213                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::214                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::215                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::216                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::217                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::218                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::219                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::220                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::221                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::222                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::223                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::224                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::225                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::226                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::227                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::228                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::229                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::230                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::231                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::232                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::233                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::234                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::235                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::236                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::237                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::238                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::239                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::240                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::241                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::242                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::243                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::244                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::245                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::246                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::247                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::248                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::249                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::250                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::251                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::252                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::253                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::254                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::255                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::256                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::257                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::0                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::1                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::2                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::3                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::4                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::5                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::6                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::7                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::8                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::9                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::10                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::11                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::12                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::13                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::14                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::15                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::16                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::17                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::18                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::19                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::20                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::21                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::22                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::23                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::24                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::25                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::26                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::27                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::28                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::29                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::30                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::31                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::32                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::33                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::34                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::35                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::36                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::37                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::38                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::39                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::40                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::41                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::42                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::43                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::44                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::45                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::46                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::47                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::48                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::49                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::50                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::51                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::52                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::53                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::54                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::55                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::56                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::57                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::58                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::59                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::60                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::61                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::62                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::63                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::64                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::65                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::66                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::67                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::68                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::69                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::70                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::71                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::72                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::73                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::74                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::75                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::76                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::77                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::78                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::79                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::80                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::81                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::82                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::83                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::84                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::85                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::86                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::87                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::88                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::89                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::90                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::91                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::92                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::93                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::94                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::95                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::96                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::97                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::98                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::99                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::100                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::101                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::102                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::103                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::104                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::105                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::106                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::107                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::108                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::109                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::110                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::111                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::112                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::113                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::114                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::115                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::116                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::117                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::118                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::119                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::120                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::121                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::122                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::123                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::124                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::125                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::126                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::127                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::128                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::129                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::130                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::131                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::132                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::133                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::134                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::135                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::136                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::137                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::138                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::139                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::140                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::141                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::142                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::143                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::144                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::145                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::146                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::147                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::148                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::149                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::150                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::151                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::152                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::153                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::154                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::155                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::156                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::157                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::158                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::159                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::160                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::161                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::162                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::163                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::164                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::165                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::166                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::167                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::168                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::169                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::170                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::171                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::172                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::173                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::174                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::175                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::176                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::177                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::178                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::179                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::180                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::181                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::182                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::183                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::184                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::185                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::186                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::187                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::188                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::189                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::190                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::191                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::192                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::193                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::194                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::195                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::196                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::197                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::198                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::199                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::200                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::201                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::202                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::203                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::204                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::205                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::206                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::207                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::208                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::209                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::210                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::211                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::212                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::213                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::214                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::215                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::216                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::217                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::218                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::219                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::220                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::221                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::222                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::223                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::224                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::225                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::226                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::227                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::228                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::229                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::230                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::231                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::232                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::233                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::234                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::235                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::236                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::237                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::238                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::239                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::240                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::241                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::242                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::243                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::244                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::245                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::246                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::247                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::248                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::249                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::250                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::251                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::252                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::253                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::254                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::255                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::256                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::257                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::0                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::1                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::2                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::3                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::4                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::5                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::6                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::7                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::8                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::9                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::10                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::11                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::12                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::13                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::14                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::15                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::16                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::17                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::18                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::19                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::20                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::21                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::22                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::23                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::24                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::25                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::26                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::27                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::28                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::29                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::30                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::31                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::32                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::33                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::34                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::35                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::36                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::37                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::38                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::39                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::40                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::41                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::42                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::43                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::44                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::45                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::46                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::47                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::48                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::49                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::50                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::51                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::52                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::53                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::54                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::55                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::56                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::57                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::58                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::59                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::60                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::61                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::62                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::63                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::64                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::65                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::66                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::67                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::68                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::69                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::70                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::71                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::72                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::73                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::74                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::75                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::76                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::77                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::78                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::79                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::80                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::81                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::82                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::83                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::84                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::85                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::86                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::87                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::88                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::89                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::90                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::91                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::92                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::93                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::94                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::95                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::96                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::97                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::98                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::99                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::100                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::101                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::102                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::103                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::104                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::105                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::106                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::107                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::108                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::109                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::110                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::111                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::112                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::113                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::114                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::115                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::116                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::117                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::118                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::119                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::120                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::121                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::122                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::123                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::124                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::125                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::126                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::127                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::128                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::129                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::130                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::131                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::132                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::133                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::134                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::135                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::136                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::137                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::138                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::139                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::140                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::141                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::142                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::143                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::144                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::145                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::146                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::147                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::148                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::149                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::150                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::151                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::152                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::153                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::154                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::155                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::156                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::157                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::158                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::159                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::160                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::161                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::162                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::163                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::164                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::165                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::166                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::167                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::168                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::169                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::170                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::171                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::172                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::173                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::174                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::175                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::176                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::177                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::178                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::179                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::180                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::181                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::182                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::183                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::184                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::185                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::186                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::187                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::188                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::189                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::190                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::191                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::192                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::193                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::194                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::195                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::196                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::197                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::198                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::199                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::200                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::201                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::202                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::203                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::204                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::205                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::206                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::207                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::208                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::209                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::210                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::211                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::212                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::213                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::214                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::215                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::216                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::217                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::218                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::219                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::220                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::221                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::222                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::223                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::224                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::225                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::226                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::227                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::228                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::229                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::230                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::231                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::232                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::233                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::234                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::235                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::236                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::237                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::238                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::239                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::240                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::241                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::242                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::243                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::244                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::245                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::246                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::247                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::248                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::249                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::250                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::251                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::252                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::253                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::254                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::255                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::256                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::257                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::0                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::1                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::2                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::3                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::4                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::5                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::6                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::7                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::8                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::9                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::10                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::11                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::12                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::13                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::14                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::15                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::16                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::17                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::18                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::19                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::20                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::21                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::22                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::23                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::24                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::25                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::26                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::27                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::28                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::29                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::30                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::31                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::32                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::33                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::34                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::35                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::36                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::37                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::38                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::39                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::40                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::41                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::42                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::43                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::44                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::45                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::46                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::47                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::48                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::49                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::50                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::51                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::52                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::53                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::54                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::55                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::56                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::57                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::58                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::59                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::60                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::61                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::62                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::63                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::64                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::65                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::66                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::67                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::68                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::69                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::70                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::71                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::72                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::73                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::74                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::75                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::76                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::77                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::78                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::79                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::80                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::81                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::82                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::83                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::84                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::85                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::86                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::87                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::88                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::89                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::90                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::91                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::92                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::93                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::94                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::95                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::96                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::97                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::98                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::99                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::100                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::101                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::102                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::103                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::104                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::105                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::106                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::107                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::108                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::109                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::110                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::111                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::112                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::113                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::114                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::115                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::116                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::117                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::118                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::119                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::120                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::121                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::122                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::123                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::124                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::125                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::126                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::127                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::128                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::129                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::130                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::131                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::132                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::133                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::134                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::135                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::136                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::137                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::138                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::139                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::140                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::141                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::142                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::143                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::144                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::145                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::146                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::147                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::148                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::149                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::150                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::151                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::152                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::153                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::154                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::155                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::156                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::157                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::158                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::159                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::160                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::161                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::162                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::163                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::164                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::165                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::166                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::167                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::168                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::169                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::170                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::171                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::172                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::173                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::174                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::175                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::176                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::177                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::178                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::179                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::180                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::181                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::182                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::183                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::184                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::185                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::186                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::187                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::188                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::189                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::190                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::191                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::192                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::193                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::194                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::195                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::196                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::197                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::198                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::199                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::200                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::201                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::202                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::203                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::204                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::205                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::206                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::207                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::208                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::209                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::210                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::211                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::212                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::213                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::214                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::215                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::216                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::217                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::218                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::219                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::220                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::221                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::222                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::223                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::224                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::225                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::226                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::227                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::228                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::229                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::230                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::231                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::232                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::233                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::234                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::235                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::236                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::237                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::238                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::239                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::240                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::241                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::242                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::243                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::244                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::245                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::246                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::247                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::248                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::249                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::250                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::251                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::252                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::253                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::254                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::255                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::256                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::257                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::total                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::0                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::1                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::2                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::3                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::4                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::5                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::6                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::7                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::8                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::9                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::10                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::11                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::12                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::13                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::14                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::15                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::16                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::17                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::18                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::19                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::20                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::21                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::22                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::23                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::24                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::25                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::26                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::27                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::28                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::29                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::30                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::31                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::32                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::33                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::34                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::35                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::36                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::37                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::38                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::39                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::40                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::41                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::42                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::43                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::44                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::45                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::46                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::47                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::48                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::49                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::50                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::51                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::52                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::53                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::54                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::55                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::56                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::57                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::58                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::59                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::60                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::61                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::62                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::63                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::64                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::65                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::66                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::67                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::68                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::69                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::70                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::71                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::72                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::73                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::74                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::75                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::76                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::77                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::78                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::79                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::80                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::81                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::82                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::83                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::84                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::85                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::86                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::87                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::88                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::89                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::90                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::91                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::92                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::93                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::94                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::95                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::96                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::97                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::98                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::99                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::100                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::101                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::102                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::103                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::104                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::105                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::106                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::107                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::108                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::109                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::110                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::111                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::112                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::113                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::114                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::115                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::116                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::117                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::118                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::119                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::120                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::121                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::122                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::123                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::124                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::125                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::126                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::127                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::128                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::129                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::130                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::131                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::132                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::133                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::134                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::135                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::136                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::137                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::138                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::139                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::140                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::141                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::142                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::143                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::144                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::145                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::146                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::147                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::148                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::149                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::150                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::151                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::152                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::153                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::154                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::155                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::156                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::157                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::158                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::159                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::160                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::161                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::162                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::163                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::164                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::165                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::166                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::167                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::168                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::169                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::170                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::171                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::172                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::173                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::174                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::175                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::176                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::177                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::178                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::179                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::180                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::181                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::182                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::183                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::184                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::185                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::186                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::187                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::188                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::189                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::190                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::191                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::192                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::193                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::194                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::195                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::196                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::197                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::198                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::199                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::200                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::201                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::202                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::203                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::204                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::205                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::206                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::207                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::208                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::209                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::210                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::211                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::212                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::213                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::214                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::215                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::216                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::217                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::218                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::219                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::220                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::221                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::222                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::223                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::224                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::225                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::226                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::227                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::228                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::229                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::230                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::231                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::232                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::233                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::234                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::235                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::236                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::237                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::238                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::239                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::240                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::241                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::242                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::243                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::244                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::245                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::246                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::247                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::248                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::249                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::250                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::251                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::252                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::253                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::254                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::255                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::256                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::257                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::total                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::0                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::1                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::2                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::3                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::4                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::5                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::6                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::7                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::8                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::9                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::10                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::11                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::12                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::13                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::14                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::15                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::16                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::17                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::18                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::19                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::20                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::21                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::22                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::23                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::24                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::25                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::26                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::27                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::28                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::29                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::30                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::31                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::32                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::33                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::34                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::35                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::36                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::37                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::38                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::39                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::40                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::41                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::42                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::43                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::44                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::45                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::46                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::47                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::48                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::49                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::50                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::51                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::52                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::53                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::54                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::55                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::56                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::57                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::58                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::59                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::60                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::61                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::62                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::63                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::64                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::65                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::66                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::67                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::68                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::69                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::70                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::71                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::72                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::73                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::74                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::75                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::76                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::77                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::78                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::79                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::80                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::81                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::82                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::83                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::84                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::85                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::86                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::87                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::88                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::89                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::90                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::91                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::92                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::93                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::94                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::95                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::96                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::97                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::98                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::99                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::100                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::101                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::102                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::103                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::104                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::105                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::106                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::107                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::108                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::109                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::110                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::111                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::112                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::113                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::114                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::115                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::116                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::117                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::118                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::119                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::120                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::121                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::122                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::123                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::124                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::125                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::126                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::127                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::128                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::129                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::130                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::131                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::132                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::133                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::134                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::135                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::136                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::137                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::138                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::139                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::140                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::141                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::142                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::143                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::144                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::145                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::146                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::147                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::148                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::149                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::150                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::151                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::152                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::153                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::154                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::155                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::156                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::157                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::158                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::159                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::160                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::161                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::162                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::163                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::164                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::165                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::166                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::167                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::168                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::169                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::170                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::171                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::172                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::173                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::174                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::175                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::176                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::177                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::178                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::179                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::180                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::181                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::182                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::183                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::184                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::185                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::186                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::187                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::188                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::189                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::190                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::191                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::192                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::193                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::194                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::195                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::196                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::197                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::198                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::199                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::200                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::201                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::202                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::203                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::204                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::205                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::206                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::207                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::208                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::209                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::210                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::211                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::212                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::213                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::214                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::215                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::216                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::217                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::218                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::219                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::220                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::221                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::222                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::223                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::224                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::225                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::226                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::227                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::228                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::229                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::230                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::231                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::232                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::233                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::234                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::235                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::236                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::237                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::238                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::239                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::240                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::241                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::242                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::243                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::244                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::245                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::246                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::247                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::248                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::249                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::250                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::251                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::252                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::253                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::254                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::255                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::256                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::257                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::total                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::0                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::1                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::2                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::3                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::4                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::5                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::6                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::7                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::8                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::9                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::10                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::11                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::12                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::13                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::14                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::15                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::16                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::17                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::18                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::19                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::20                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::21                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::22                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::23                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::24                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::25                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::26                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::27                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::28                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::29                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::30                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::31                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::32                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::33                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::34                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::35                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::36                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::37                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::38                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::39                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::40                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::41                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::42                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::43                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::44                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::45                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::46                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::47                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::48                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::49                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::50                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::51                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::52                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::53                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::54                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::55                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::56                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::57                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::58                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::59                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::60                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::61                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::62                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::63                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::64                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::65                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::66                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::67                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::68                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::69                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::70                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::71                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::72                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::73                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::74                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::75                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::76                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::77                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::78                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::79                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::80                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::81                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::82                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::83                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::84                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::85                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::86                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::87                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::88                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::89                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::90                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::91                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::92                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::93                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::94                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::95                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::96                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::97                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::98                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::99                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::100                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::101                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::102                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::103                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::104                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::105                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::106                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::107                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::108                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::109                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::110                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::111                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::112                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::113                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::114                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::115                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::116                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::117                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::118                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::119                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::120                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::121                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::122                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::123                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::124                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::125                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::126                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::127                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::128                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::129                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::130                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::131                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::132                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::133                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::134                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::135                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::136                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::137                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::138                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::139                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::140                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::141                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::142                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::143                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::144                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::145                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::146                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::147                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::148                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::149                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::150                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::151                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::152                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::153                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::154                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::155                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::156                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::157                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::158                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::159                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::160                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::161                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::162                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::163                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::164                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::165                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::166                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::167                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::168                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::169                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::170                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::171                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::172                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::173                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::174                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::175                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::176                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::177                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::178                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::179                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::180                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::181                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::182                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::183                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::184                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::185                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::186                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::187                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::188                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::189                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::190                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::191                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::192                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::193                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::194                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::195                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::196                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::197                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::198                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::199                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::200                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::201                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::202                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::203                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::204                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::205                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::206                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::207                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::208                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::209                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::210                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::211                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::212                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::213                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::214                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::215                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::216                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::217                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::218                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::219                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::220                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::221                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::222                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::223                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::224                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::225                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::226                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::227                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::228                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::229                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::230                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::231                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::232                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::233                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::234                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::235                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::236                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::237                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::238                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::239                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::240                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::241                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::242                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::243                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::244                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::245                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::246                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::247                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::248                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::249                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::250                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::251                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::252                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::253                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::254                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::255                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::256                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::257                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::total                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::0                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::1                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::2                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::3                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::4                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::5                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::6                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::7                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::8                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::0                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::1                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::2                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::3                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::4                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::5                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::6                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::7                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::8                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::total                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::0            1230603300                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::1             594983667                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::2             473126336                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::3             387238441                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::total        2685951744                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::0         798931664                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::1         393067570                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::2         306922774                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::3        1187029736                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::total    2685951744                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.tagsinuse              4038.787632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_refs                15934075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.sampled_refs               7579092                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_refs                  2.102373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.warmup_cycle          190056066003351                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   989.161968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.011598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.005815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.107794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2865.367529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.004240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data   183.128688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.241495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.699553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.044709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4093                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          815                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999268                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.tag_accesses             221906031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2.tags.data_accesses            221906031                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191241900310356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4593570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4593570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           43                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           43                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       102924                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        11572                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total           114496                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       552946                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        70052                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total            622998                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3940080                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1016976                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       4957056                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4493026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1087028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::total              5580057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4493026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1087028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::total             5580057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1696234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       479179                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total         2175413                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          424                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          447                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4030866                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1369800                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      5400670                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5727100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1848979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::total            7576530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5727100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1848979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::total           7576530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69685296615                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  13561975449                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  83247272064                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       444888                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57927348                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      2205792                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     60578028                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       393606                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 119789058033                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  37610651034                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 157400102673                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       444888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       393606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57927348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 189474354648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      2205792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  51172626483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::total 240707952765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       444888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       393606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57927348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 189474354648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      2205792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  51172626483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::total 240707952765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4593570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4593570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           43                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       102926                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data        11573                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       114499                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2249180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       549231                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       2798411                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          450                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7970946                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      2386776                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10357726                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10220126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      2936007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::total         13156587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10220126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      2936007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::total        13156587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754157                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.872454                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.777374                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992974                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.993333                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.505695                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.573912                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.521415                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.560375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.629760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::total        0.575874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.560375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.629760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::total       0.575874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41082.360461                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 28302.524629                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38267.341449                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88977.600000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 136621.103774                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       122544                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135521.315436                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 98401.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29717.945978                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 27457.038279                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29144.551078                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88977.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 98401.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 136621.103774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33083.821593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       122544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 27676.153425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31770.210474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88977.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 98401.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 136621.103774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33083.821593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       122544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 27676.153425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31770.210474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::writebacks          3922734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::total               3922734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          677                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          677                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1696234                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       479179                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total      2175413                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          424                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4030866                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1369800                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      5400670                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5727100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1848979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       7576530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5727100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1848979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total      7576530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        42957                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data        14319                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        57276                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58388378175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  10370643309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  68759021484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       411588                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55103508                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      2085912                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57601008                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       366966                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92943490473                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  28487783034                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 121431640473                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       411588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       366966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55103508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151331868648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      2085912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  38858426343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 190248262965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       411588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       366966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55103508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151331868648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      2085912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  38858426343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 190248262965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.872454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.505695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.573912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.560375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.629760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.560375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.629760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21478.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data        14319                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19092                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34422.360461                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 21642.524629                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31607.341449                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82317.600000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 129961.103774                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       115884                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128861.315436                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91741.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23057.945978                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 20797.038279                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22484.551078                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82317.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91741.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 129961.103774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26423.821593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       115884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 21016.153425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25110.210474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82317.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91741.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 129961.103774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26423.821593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       115884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 21016.153425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25110.210474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     26426754                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     13270167                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         4213                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4213                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191241900310356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp      10358176                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8516305                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           43                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict     12216064                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       114499                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       114499                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      2798411                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      2798411                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          450                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     10357726                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side          943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side     39696897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          39697840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side        31552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side   1135981248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size::total         1136012800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoops                     7576744                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             251055040                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples     20847830                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.014214                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0           20843617     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               4213      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total       20847830                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    11859455340                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        449882                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy   13181109030                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191241900310356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                    727764                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::0                   197.425641                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::1                   166.736331                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::2                   134.386438                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::3                   115.617470                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::4                   106.444009                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::5                   106.784122                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::6                   107.690681                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::7                   106.638141                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::8                   119.232330                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::9                   158.729967                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::10                  122.425326                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::11                  117.339064                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::12                  113.659060                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::13                  110.474217                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::14                  106.529712                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::15                   98.169346                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::16                  158.987402                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::17                  141.034033                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::18                  123.603922                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::19                  115.873265                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::20                  110.333354                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::21                  108.419899                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::22                  100.793036                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::23                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::24                  149.926191                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::25                  132.898685                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::26                  122.180080                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::27                  109.228509                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::28                  107.253684                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::29                   99.240811                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::30                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::31                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::32                  135.737481                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::33                  127.431713                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::34                  115.035143                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::35                  109.360622                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::36                   98.823188                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::37                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::38                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::39                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::40                  133.222792                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::41                  123.407729                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::42                  110.908662                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::43                   98.914582                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::44                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::45                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::46                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::47                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::48                  124.446070                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::49                  114.831391                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::50                  104.431024                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::51                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::52                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::53                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::54                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::55                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::56                  120.113519                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::57                  104.186119                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::58                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::59                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::60                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::61                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::62                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::63                  172.138505                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::64                  107.888691                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::65                  155.809221                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::66                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::67                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::68                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::69                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::70                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::71                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::72                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::73                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::74                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::75                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::76                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::77                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::78                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::79                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::80                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::81                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::82                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::83                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::84                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::85                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::86                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::87                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::88                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::89                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::90                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::91                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::92                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::93                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::94                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::95                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::96                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::97                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::98                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::99                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::100                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::101                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::102                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::103                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::104                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::105                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::106                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::107                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::108                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::109                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::110                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::111                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::112                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::113                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::114                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::115                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::116                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::117                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::118                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::119                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::120                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::121                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::122                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::123                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::124                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::125                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::126                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::127                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::128                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::129                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::130                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::131                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::132                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::133                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::134                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::135                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::136                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::137                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::138                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::139                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::140                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::141                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::142                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::143                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::144                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::145                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::146                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::147                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::148                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::149                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::150                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::151                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::152                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::153                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::154                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::155                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::156                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::157                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::158                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::159                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::160                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::161                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::162                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::163                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::164                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::165                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::166                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::167                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::168                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::169                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::170                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::171                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::172                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::173                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::174                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::175                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::176                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::177                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::178                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::179                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::180                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::181                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::182                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::183                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::184                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::185                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::186                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::187                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::188                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::189                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::190                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::191                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::192                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::193                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::194                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::195                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::196                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::197                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::198                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::199                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::200                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::201                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::202                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::203                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::204                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::205                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::206                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::207                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::208                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::209                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::210                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::211                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::212                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::213                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::214                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::215                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::216                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::217                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::218                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::219                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::220                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::221                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::222                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::223                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::224                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::225                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::226                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::227                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::228                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::229                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::230                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::231                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::232                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::233                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::234                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::235                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::236                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::237                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::238                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::239                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::240                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::241                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::242                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::243                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::244                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::245                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::246                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::247                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::248                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::249                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::250                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::251                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::252                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::253                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::254                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::255                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::256                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::257                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::0                    20.197483                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::1                    30.045417                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::2                    38.473517                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::3                    49.479875                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::4                    43.400619                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::5                    47.340698                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::6                    51.044663                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::7                    49.432666                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::8                    49.338095                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::9                    34.363210                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::10                   55.934612                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::11                   50.865559                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::12                   49.637725                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::13                   51.581690                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::14                   51.102259                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::15                   55.037223                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::16                   35.013517                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::17                   42.694574                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::18                   50.092577                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::19                   52.278912                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::20                   51.155408                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::21                   50.111936                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::22                   52.730816                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::23                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::24                   40.151459                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::25                   44.251743                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::26                   46.547580                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::27                   53.000148                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::28                   51.675095                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::29                   51.638982                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::30                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::31                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::32                   45.313969                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::33                   45.085980                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::34                   50.498537                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::35                   51.462644                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::36                   51.164341                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::37                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::38                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::39                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::40                   46.162878                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::41                   47.403535                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::42                   48.509447                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::43                   49.786578                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::44                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::45                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::46                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::47                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::48                   46.891612                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::49                   46.489355                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::50                   48.279768                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::51                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::52                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::53                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::54                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::55                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::56                   46.711478                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::57                   50.359568                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::58                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::59                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::60                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::61                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::62                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::63                   33.213733                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::64                   44.928814                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::65                   39.568728                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::66                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::67                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::68                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::69                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::70                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::71                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::72                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::73                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::74                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::75                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::76                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::77                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::78                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::79                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::80                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::81                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::82                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::83                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::84                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::85                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::86                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::87                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::88                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::89                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::90                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::91                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::92                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::93                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::94                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::95                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::96                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::97                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::98                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::99                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::100                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::101                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::102                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::103                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::104                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::105                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::106                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::107                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::108                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::109                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::110                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::111                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::112                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::113                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::114                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::115                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::116                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::117                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::118                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::119                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::120                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::121                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::122                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::123                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::124                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::125                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::126                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::127                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::128                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::129                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::130                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::131                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::132                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::133                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::134                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::135                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::136                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::137                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::138                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::139                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::140                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::141                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::142                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::143                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::144                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::145                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::146                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::147                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::148                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::149                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::150                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::151                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::152                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::153                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::154                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::155                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::156                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::157                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::158                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::159                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::160                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::161                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::162                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::163                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::164                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::165                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::166                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::167                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::168                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::169                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::170                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::171                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::172                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::173                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::174                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::175                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::176                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::177                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::178                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::179                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::180                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::181                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::182                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::183                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::184                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::185                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::186                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::187                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::188                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::189                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::190                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::191                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::192                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::193                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::194                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::195                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::196                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::197                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::198                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::199                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::200                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::201                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::202                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::203                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::204                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::205                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::206                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::207                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::208                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::209                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::210                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::211                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::212                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::213                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::214                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::215                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::216                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::217                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::218                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::219                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::220                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::221                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::222                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::223                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::224                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::225                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::226                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::227                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::228                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::229                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::230                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::231                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::232                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::233                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::234                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::235                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::236                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::237                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::238                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::239                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::240                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::241                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::242                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::243                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::244                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::245                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::246                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::247                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::248                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::249                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::250                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::251                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::252                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::253                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::254                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::255                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::256                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::257                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::0                    17.664925                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::1                    24.341792                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::2                    35.394971                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::3                    40.403052                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::4                    36.130861                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::5                    39.841545                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::6                    41.382261                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::7                    44.955437                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::8                    41.299821                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::9                    30.084239                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::10                   35.224122                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::11                   40.399235                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::12                   41.553069                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::13                   42.265936                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::14                   45.023526                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::15                   49.323186                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::16                   29.696814                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::17                   36.375028                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::18                   39.184964                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::19                   40.414328                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::20                   46.051563                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::21                   46.104967                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::22                   51.414960                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::23                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::24                   34.511827                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::25                   40.035588                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::26                   43.370066                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::27                   45.383762                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::28                   47.173285                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::29                   52.683661                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::30                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::31                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::32                   39.830388                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::33                   43.256864                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::34                   46.641658                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::35                   53.349612                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::36                   53.389339                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::37                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::38                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::39                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::40                   46.170091                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::41                   52.367149                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::42                   54.102721                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::43                   57.182636                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::44                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::45                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::46                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::47                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::48                   53.504331                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::49                   59.346874                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::50                   60.513103                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::51                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::52                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::53                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::54                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::55                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::56                   61.742323                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::57                   64.112393                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::58                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::59                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::60                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::61                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::62                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::63                   31.739411                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::64                   68.101519                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::65                   37.482880                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::66                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::67                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::68                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::69                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::70                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::71                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::72                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::73                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::74                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::75                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::76                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::77                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::78                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::79                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::80                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::81                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::82                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::83                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::84                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::85                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::86                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::87                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::88                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::89                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::90                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::91                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::92                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::93                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::94                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::95                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::96                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::97                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::98                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::99                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::100                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::101                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::102                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::103                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::104                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::105                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::106                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::107                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::108                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::109                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::110                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::111                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::112                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::113                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::114                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::115                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::116                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::117                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::118                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::119                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::120                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::121                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::122                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::123                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::124                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::125                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::126                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::127                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::128                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::129                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::130                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::131                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::132                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::133                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::134                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::135                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::136                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::137                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::138                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::139                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::140                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::141                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::142                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::143                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::144                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::145                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::146                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::147                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::148                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::149                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::150                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::151                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::152                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::153                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::154                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::155                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::156                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::157                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::158                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::159                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::160                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::161                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::162                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::163                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::164                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::165                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::166                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::167                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::168                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::169                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::170                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::171                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::172                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::173                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::174                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::175                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::176                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::177                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::178                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::179                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::180                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::181                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::182                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::183                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::184                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::185                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::186                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::187                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::188                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::189                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::190                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::191                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::192                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::193                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::194                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::195                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::196                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::197                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::198                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::199                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::200                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::201                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::202                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::203                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::204                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::205                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::206                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::207                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::208                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::209                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::210                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::211                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::212                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::213                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::214                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::215                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::216                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::217                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::218                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::219                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::220                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::221                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::222                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::223                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::224                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::225                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::226                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::227                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::228                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::229                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::230                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::231                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::232                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::233                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::234                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::235                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::236                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::237                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::238                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::239                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::240                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::241                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::242                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::243                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::244                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::245                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::246                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::247                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::248                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::249                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::250                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::251                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::252                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::253                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::254                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::255                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::256                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::257                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::0                     7.514170                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::1                    15.095197                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::2                    20.237346                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::3                    21.390405                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::4                    23.594517                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::5                    26.276596                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::6                    34.956137                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::7                    36.920242                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::8                    33.481548                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::9                    15.111603                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::10                   23.316465                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::11                   25.933146                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::12                   26.680058                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::13                   32.601258                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::14                   36.454497                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::15                   40.821854                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::16                   15.213555                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::17                   17.119100                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::18                   25.640218                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::19                   26.783481                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::20                   29.421281                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::21                   33.845619                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::22                   38.399848                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::23                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::24                   15.810690                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::25                   19.778775                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::26                   24.874870                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::27                   29.349494                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::28                   32.379753                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::29                   35.558278                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::30                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::31                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::32                   17.393359                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::33                   21.189421                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::34                   24.748161                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::35                   27.016446                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::36                   33.583646                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::37                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::38                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::39                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::40                   18.138558                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::41                   19.570604                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::42                   22.877840                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::43                   29.994357                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::44                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::45                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::46                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::47                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::48                   14.245211                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::49                   17.735590                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::50                   25.229566                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::51                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::52                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::53                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::54                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::55                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::56                   14.705357                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::57                   19.865888                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::58                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::59                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::60                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::61                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::62                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::63                   18.908334                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::64                   17.562020                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::65                   23.139154                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::66                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::67                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::68                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::69                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::70                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::71                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::72                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::73                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::74                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::75                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::76                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::77                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::78                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::79                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::80                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::81                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::82                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::83                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::84                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::85                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::86                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::87                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::88                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::89                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::90                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::91                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::92                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::93                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::94                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::95                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::96                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::97                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::98                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::99                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::100                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::101                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::102                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::103                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::104                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::105                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::106                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::107                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::108                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::109                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::110                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::111                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::112                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::113                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::114                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::115                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::116                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::117                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::118                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::119                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::120                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::121                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::122                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::123                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::124                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::125                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::126                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::127                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::128                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::129                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::130                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::131                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::132                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::133                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::134                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::135                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::136                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::137                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::138                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::139                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::140                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::141                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::142                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::143                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::144                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::145                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::146                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::147                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::148                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::149                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::150                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::151                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::152                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::153                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::154                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::155                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::156                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::157                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::158                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::159                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::160                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::161                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::162                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::163                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::164                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::165                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::166                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::167                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::168                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::169                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::170                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::171                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::172                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::173                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::174                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::175                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::176                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::177                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::178                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::179                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::180                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::181                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::182                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::183                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::184                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::185                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::186                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::187                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::188                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::189                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::190                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::191                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::192                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::193                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::194                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::195                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::196                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::197                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::198                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::199                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::200                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::201                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::202                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::203                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::204                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::205                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::206                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::207                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::208                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::209                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::210                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::211                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::212                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::213                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::214                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::215                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::216                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::217                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::218                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::219                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::220                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::221                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::222                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::223                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::224                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::225                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::226                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::227                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::228                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::229                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::230                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::231                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::232                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::233                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::234                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::235                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::236                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::237                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::238                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::239                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::240                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::241                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::242                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::243                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::244                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::245                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::246                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::247                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::248                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::249                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::250                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::251                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::252                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::253                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::254                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::255                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::256                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::257                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::0                   14023150                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::1                     121061                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::2                      18231                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::3                       9087                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::4                       8108                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::5                      11703                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::6                      92419                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::7                    1264973                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::8                   29338462                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::9                     283485                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::10                     87525                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::11                     53280                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::12                     73058                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::13                    257729                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::14                   2212833                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::15                  12457673                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::16                   2176187                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::17                    473712                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::18                    216993                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::19                    212481                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::20                    424368                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::21                   2078418                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::22                   4439052                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::23                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::24                   1818278                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::25                    581714                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::26                    412388                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::27                    538829                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::28                   1019574                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::29                   1091407                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::30                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::31                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::32                   1852252                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::33                    640621                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::34                    575300                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::35                    547979                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::36                    318171                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::37                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::38                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::39                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::40                   2200667                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::41                    481544                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::42                    377959                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::43                    194174                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::44                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::45                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::46                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::47                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::48                   1927686                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::49                    415602                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::50                    166273                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::51                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::52                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::53                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::54                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::55                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::56                   2582507                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::57                    279038                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::58                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::59                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::60                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::61                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::62                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::63                 363496238                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::64                   2987532                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::65                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::66                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::67                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::68                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::69                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::70                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::71                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::72                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::73                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::74                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::75                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::76                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::77                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::78                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::79                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::80                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::81                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::82                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::83                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::84                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::85                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::86                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::87                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::88                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::89                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::90                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::91                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::92                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::93                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::94                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::95                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::96                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::97                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::98                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::99                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::100                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::101                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::102                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::103                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::104                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::105                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::106                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::107                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::108                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::109                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::110                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::111                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::112                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::113                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::114                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::115                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::116                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::117                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::118                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::119                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::120                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::121                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::122                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::123                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::124                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::125                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::126                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::127                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::128                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::129                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::130                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::131                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::132                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::133                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::134                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::135                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::136                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::137                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::138                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::139                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::140                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::141                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::142                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::143                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::144                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::145                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::146                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::147                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::148                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::149                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::150                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::151                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::152                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::153                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::154                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::155                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::156                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::157                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::158                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::159                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::160                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::161                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::162                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::163                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::164                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::165                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::166                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::167                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::168                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::169                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::170                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::171                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::172                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::173                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::174                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::175                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::176                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::177                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::178                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::179                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::180                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::181                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::182                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::183                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::184                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::185                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::186                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::187                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::188                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::189                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::190                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::191                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::192                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::193                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::194                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::195                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::196                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::197                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::198                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::199                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::200                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::201                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::202                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::203                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::204                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::205                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::206                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::207                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::208                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::209                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::210                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::211                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::212                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::213                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::214                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::215                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::216                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::217                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::218                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::219                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::220                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::221                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::222                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::223                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::224                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::225                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::226                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::227                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::228                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::229                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::230                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::231                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::232                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::233                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::234                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::235                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::236                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::237                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::238                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::239                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::240                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::241                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::242                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::243                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::244                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::245                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::246                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::247                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::248                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::249                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::250                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::251                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::252                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::253                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::254                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::255                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::256                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::257                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::total              454839721                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::0                     657097                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::1                      15855                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::2                       3868                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::3                       2864                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::4                       3278                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::5                       5203                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::6                      45365                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::7                     606855                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::8                   15291862                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::9                      50653                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::10                     22523                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::11                     18225                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::12                     31926                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::13                    123919                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::14                   1064928                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::15                   6610677                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::16                    349092                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::17                    106912                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::18                     69955                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::19                     87533                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::20                    198995                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::21                    991926                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::22                   2270643                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::23                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::24                    412238                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::25                    166703                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::26                    154105                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::27                    242798                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::28                    483623                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::29                    530012                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::30                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::31                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::32                    539776                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::33                    217933                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::34                    241296                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::35                    255882                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::36                    160481                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::37                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::38                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::39                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::40                    726693                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::41                    185900                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::42                    164258                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::43                     97920                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::44                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::45                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::46                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::47                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::48                    666626                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::49                    165566                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::50                     82254                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::51                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::52                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::53                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::54                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::55                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::56                    892725                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::57                    134478                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::58                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::59                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::60                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::61                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::62                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::63                  80073946                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::64                   1133709                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::65                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::66                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::67                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::68                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::69                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::70                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::71                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::72                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::73                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::74                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::75                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::76                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::77                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::78                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::79                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::80                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::81                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::82                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::83                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::84                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::85                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::86                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::87                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::88                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::89                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::90                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::91                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::92                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::93                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::94                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::95                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::96                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::97                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::98                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::99                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::100                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::101                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::102                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::103                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::104                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::105                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::106                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::107                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::108                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::109                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::110                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::111                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::112                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::113                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::114                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::115                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::116                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::117                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::118                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::119                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::120                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::121                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::122                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::123                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::124                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::125                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::126                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::127                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::128                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::129                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::130                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::131                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::132                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::133                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::134                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::135                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::136                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::137                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::138                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::139                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::140                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::141                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::142                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::143                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::144                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::145                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::146                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::147                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::148                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::149                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::150                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::151                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::152                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::153                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::154                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::155                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::156                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::157                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::158                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::159                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::160                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::161                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::162                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::163                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::164                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::165                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::166                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::167                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::168                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::169                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::170                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::171                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::172                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::173                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::174                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::175                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::176                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::177                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::178                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::179                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::180                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::181                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::182                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::183                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::184                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::185                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::186                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::187                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::188                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::189                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::190                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::191                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::192                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::193                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::194                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::195                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::196                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::197                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::198                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::199                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::200                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::201                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::202                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::203                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::204                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::205                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::206                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::207                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::208                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::209                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::210                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::211                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::212                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::213                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::214                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::215                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::216                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::217                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::218                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::219                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::220                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::221                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::222                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::223                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::224                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::225                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::226                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::227                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::228                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::229                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::230                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::231                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::232                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::233                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::234                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::235                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::236                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::237                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::238                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::239                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::240                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::241                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::242                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::243                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::244                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::245                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::246                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::247                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::248                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::249                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::250                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::251                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::252                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::253                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::254                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::255                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::256                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::257                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::total              116359076                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::0                     550506                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::1                      15727                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::2                       3587                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::3                       2692                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::4                       2796                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::5                       4385                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::6                      39679                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::7                     558551                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::8                   13408699                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::9                      50325                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::10                     21756                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::11                     16972                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::12                     28442                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::13                    110543                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::14                    984043                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::15                   6156147                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::16                    332123                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::17                    106906                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::18                     66669                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::19                     80179                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::20                    182195                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::21                    930385                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::22                   2211198                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::23                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::24                    374920                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::25                    162949                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::26                    147192                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::27                    227663                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::28                    467584                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::29                    533075                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::30                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::31                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::32                    482528                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::33                    214199                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::34                    237696                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::35                    269607                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::36                    174701                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::37                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::38                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::39                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::40                    682863                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::41                    201452                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::42                    195183                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::43                    116049                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::44                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::45                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::46                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::47                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::48                    826288                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::49                    218916                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::50                    111420                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::51                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::52                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::53                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::54                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::55                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::56                   1227438                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::57                    185988                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::58                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::59                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::60                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::61                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::62                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::63                  80854725                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::64                   1518677                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::65                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::66                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::67                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::68                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::69                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::70                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::71                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::72                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::73                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::74                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::75                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::76                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::77                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::78                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::79                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::80                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::81                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::82                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::83                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::84                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::85                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::86                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::87                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::88                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::89                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::90                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::91                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::92                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::93                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::94                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::95                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::96                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::97                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::98                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::99                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::100                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::101                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::102                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::103                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::104                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::105                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::106                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::107                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::108                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::109                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::110                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::111                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::112                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::113                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::114                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::115                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::116                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::117                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::118                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::119                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::120                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::121                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::122                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::123                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::124                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::125                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::126                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::127                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::128                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::129                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::130                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::131                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::132                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::133                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::134                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::135                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::136                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::137                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::138                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::139                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::140                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::141                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::142                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::143                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::144                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::145                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::146                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::147                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::148                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::149                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::150                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::151                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::152                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::153                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::154                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::155                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::156                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::157                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::158                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::159                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::160                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::161                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::162                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::163                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::164                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::165                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::166                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::167                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::168                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::169                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::170                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::171                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::172                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::173                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::174                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::175                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::176                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::177                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::178                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::179                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::180                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::181                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::182                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::183                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::184                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::185                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::186                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::187                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::188                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::189                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::190                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::191                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::192                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::193                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::194                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::195                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::196                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::197                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::198                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::199                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::200                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::201                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::202                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::203                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::204                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::205                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::206                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::207                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::208                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::209                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::210                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::211                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::212                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::213                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::214                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::215                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::216                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::217                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::218                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::219                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::220                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::221                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::222                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::223                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::224                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::225                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::226                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::227                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::228                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::229                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::230                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::231                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::232                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::233                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::234                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::235                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::236                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::237                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::238                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::239                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::240                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::241                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::242                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::243                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::244                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::245                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::246                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::247                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::248                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::249                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::250                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::251                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::252                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::253                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::254                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::255                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::256                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::257                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::total              115295618                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::0                     264927                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::1                       7357                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::2                       1962                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::3                       1485                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::4                       1690                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::5                       3029                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::6                      28873                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::7                     432981                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::8                   11296273                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::9                      24625                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::10                     11300                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::11                      9571                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::12                     17358                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::13                     75873                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::14                    740436                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::15                   4975567                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::16                    148038                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::17                     52054                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::18                     35503                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::19                     46559                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::20                    116298                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::21                    665383                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::22                   1654467                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::23                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::24                    167044                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::25                     82426                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::26                     79659                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::27                    135542                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::28                    302755                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::29                    380418                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::30                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::31                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::32                    219204                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::33                    109711                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::34                    126380                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::35                    139460                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::36                    103639                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::37                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::38                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::39                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::40                    306833                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::41                     80864                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::42                     72584                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::43                     54705                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::44                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::45                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::46                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::47                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::48                    161608                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::49                     53932                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::50                     35061                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::51                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::52                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::53                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::54                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::55                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::56                    261938                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::57                     52784                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::58                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::59                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::60                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::61                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::62                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::63                  49233715                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::64                    699922                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::65                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::66                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::67                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::68                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::69                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::70                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::71                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::72                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::73                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::74                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::75                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::76                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::77                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::78                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::79                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::80                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::81                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::82                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::83                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::84                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::85                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::86                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::87                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::88                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::89                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::90                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::91                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::92                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::93                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::94                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::95                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::96                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::97                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::98                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::99                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::100                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::101                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::102                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::103                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::104                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::105                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::106                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::107                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::108                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::109                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::110                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::111                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::112                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::113                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::114                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::115                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::116                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::117                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::118                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::119                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::120                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::121                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::122                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::123                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::124                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::125                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::126                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::127                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::128                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::129                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::130                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::131                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::132                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::133                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::134                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::135                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::136                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::137                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::138                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::139                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::140                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::141                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::142                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::143                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::144                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::145                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::146                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::147                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::148                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::149                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::150                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::151                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::152                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::153                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::154                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::155                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::156                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::157                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::158                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::159                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::160                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::161                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::162                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::163                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::164                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::165                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::166                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::167                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::168                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::169                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::170                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::171                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::172                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::173                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::174                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::175                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::176                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::177                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::178                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::179                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::180                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::181                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::182                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::183                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::184                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::185                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::186                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::187                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::188                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::189                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::190                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::191                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::192                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::193                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::194                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::195                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::196                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::197                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::198                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::199                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::200                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::201                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::202                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::203                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::204                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::205                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::206                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::207                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::208                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::209                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::210                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::211                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::212                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::213                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::214                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::215                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::216                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::217                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::218                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::219                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::220                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::221                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::222                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::223                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::224                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::225                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::226                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::227                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::228                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::229                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::230                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::231                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::232                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::233                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::234                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::235                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::236                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::237                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::238                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::239                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::240                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::241                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::242                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::243                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::244                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::245                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::246                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::247                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::248                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::249                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::250                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::251                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::252                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::253                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::254                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::255                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::256                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::257                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::total               73471793                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::0                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::1                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::2                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::3                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::4                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::5                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::6                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::7                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::8                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::0                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::1                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::2                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::3                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::4                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::5                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::6                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::7                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::8                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::total                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::0                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::1                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::2                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::3                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::4                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::total                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::0                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::1                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::2                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::3                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::total                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 63083.374347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                    12178495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                    793203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                     15.353566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle              190267937541396                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    37767.579007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.786333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.494764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    42.277473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 24353.350864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.102627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data   918.783280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.576288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.371603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.014020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.962576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          886                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20064                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        44476                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998520                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                 487728970                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                487728970                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191241900310356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3922734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3922734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1348192                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       437400                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               1785592                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3731581                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1266256                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           4997838                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5079773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1703656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  6783430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5079773                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1703656                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 6783430                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       348042                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        41779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              389821                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          423                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       299285                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       103544                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          403279                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       647327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       145323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                 793100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  5                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          423                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       647327                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       145323                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                793100                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36533861235                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   3792351852                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   40326213087                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       374958                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       337662                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51990291                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37318420224                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      1954044                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   9551431341                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  46924508520                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst        374958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data        337662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51990291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73852281459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      1954044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  13343783193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      87250721607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       374958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       337662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51990291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73852281459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      1954044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  13343783193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     87250721607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3922734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3922734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1696234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       479179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2175413                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          424                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4030866                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      1369800                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       5401117                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5727100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      1848979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              7576530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5727100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      1848979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             7576530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.205185                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.087189                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.179194                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.997642                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074248                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.075591                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.074666                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.997642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.113029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.078596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.104679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.997642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.113029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.078596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.104679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104969.691115                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 90771.723880                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103448.026369                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74991.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84415.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 122908.489362                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 124691.916481                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       108558                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 92245.145455                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116357.431257                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74991.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84415.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 122908.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114088.059758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       108558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 91821.550567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110012.257732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74991.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84415.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 122908.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114088.059758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       108558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 91821.550567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110012.257732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks               522625                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                    522625                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1062                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1062                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       348042                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        41779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         389821                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          423                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       299285                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       103544                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       403279                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       647327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       145323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            793100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data             4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       647327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       145323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           793100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        14495                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        14495                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34158090393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   3507162484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37665252877                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       340938                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       309994                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     49103359                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35275435506                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      1831150                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   8844635905                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44171656852                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       340938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       309994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     49103359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69433525899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      1831150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  12351798389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  81836909729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       340938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       309994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     49103359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69433525899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst      1831150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  12351798389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  81836909729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.205185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.087189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.997642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.075591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.997642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.113029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.078596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.104679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.997642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.113029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.078596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.104679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        14495                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14495                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98143.587248                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 83945.582326                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96621.918463                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68187.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77498.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 116083.591017                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 117865.698268                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 101730.555556                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 85419.105936                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109531.259629                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68187.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77498.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 116083.591017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107261.903024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 101730.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 84995.481713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103186.117424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68187.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77498.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 116083.591017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107261.903024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 101730.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 84995.481713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103186.117424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1520183                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       727083                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191241900310356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             403279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       522625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           204457                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            389821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           389821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        403279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1157270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1156013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total      2313283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2313283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     42112000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     42094400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total     84206400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                84206400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            793101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  793101    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              793101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2093754608                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          2092629389                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4286608784                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            258245934                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1326808                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        259572742                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            82037865                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           1371317                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        83409182                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            340283799                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            2698125                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        342981924                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1002698126                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                11                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1002698137                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 1190590395356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               3382640499                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1000000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     991503565                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses            188                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls             8298542                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts     86891855                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            991503565                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                   188                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   1383185928                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    815697676                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads          122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes          124                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             342981924                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           259572742                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts           83409182                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       22916.679297                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       3382617582.320703                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999993                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000007                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                 103747725                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass       2637161      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         657078463     65.53%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              470      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd              60      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt              36      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv              12      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead        259572700     25.89%     91.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite        83409144      8.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead           42      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite           38      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1002698126                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.lookups      58952891                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condPredicted     50244671                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condIncorrect      2823794                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBLookups     40047398                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHits      39074404                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHitPct    97.570394                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.usedRAS       1447523                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.RASInCorrect            4                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectLookups            0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectHits            0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectMisses            0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_hits           85555512                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_misses          1040408                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_accesses       86595920                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_hits          19981784                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_misses          740258                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_accesses      20722042                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_hits          105537296                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_misses          1780666                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_accesses      107317962                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_hits          50046879                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_misses           18746                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_accesses      50065625                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 1190590395356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.numCycles              192681811                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.icacheStallCycles     51677970                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Insts            448943177                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Branches          58952891                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.predictedBranches     40521927                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Cycles           137629266                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.SquashCycles       6535390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.TlbCycles               74                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.MiscStallCycles           16                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        96313                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.CacheLines        50046879                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1047981                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.ItlbSquashes             1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::samples    192671334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::mean     2.330098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.135140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::0      110017159     57.10%     57.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::1        8913914      4.63%     61.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::2        5719941      2.97%     64.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::3        4779615      2.48%     67.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::4       10527382      5.46%     72.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::5        6784123      3.52%     76.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::6       12872924      6.68%     82.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::7        3467359      1.80%     84.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::8       29588917     15.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::total    192671334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.branchRate        0.305960                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rate              2.329972                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.IdleCycles       37050793                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BlockedCycles     85172915                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.RunCycles        59411458                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.UnblockCycles      7768534                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashCycles      3267633                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchResolved     35400491                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchMispred           64                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.DecodedInsts    414922325                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashedInsts          269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SquashCycles      3267633                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IdleCycles       40956550                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.BlockCycles      49188458                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializeStallCycles          355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RunCycles        62505677                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UnblockCycles     36752660                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedInsts    400697521                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.ROBFullEvents       401082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IQFullEvents      8618090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.LQFullEvents     28048236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SQFullEvents       813942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedOperands    319360291                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenameLookups    554586066                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.int_rename_lookups    554585953                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.fp_rename_lookups          107                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.CommittedMaps    162355331                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UndoneMaps      157004885                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializingInsts           29                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.skidInsts        32675705                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedLoads     92200005                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedStores     27319084                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16403583                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingStores     12254056                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsAdded        378799484                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsIssued       335463519                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       985419                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    178799402                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     88866517                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    192671334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.741118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.143725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     91448422     47.46%     47.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20032080     10.40%     57.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     20959449     10.88%     68.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     18436655      9.57%     78.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     15467680      8.03%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10658108      5.53%     91.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8809690      4.57%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4690824      2.43%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2168426      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    192671334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1758758     39.71%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2600858     58.72%     98.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69698      1.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           12      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    224625501     66.96%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           36      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt           23      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            2      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            6      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     89402814     26.65%     93.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21435081      6.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           25      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           19      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::total    335463519                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.rate                 1.741023                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_cnt           4429314                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.013204                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    869012882                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    557609525                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    315093352                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          222                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          177                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          101                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_alu_accesses    339892710                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_alu_accesses           111                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3701304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     42767257                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        24449                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        11282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     13253596                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      6269172                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewSquashCycles      3267633                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewBlockCycles      35276094                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewUnblockCycles      8987706                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    379493499                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       956846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     92200005                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     27319084                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIQFullEvents       188224                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      8723227                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        11282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1674900                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1792449                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.branchMispredicts      3467349                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecutedInsts    329205745                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     86595920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      6257773                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_nop              694015                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_refs          107317962                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_branches       38312105                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_stores         20722042                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_rate           1.708546                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_sent            318666524                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_count           315093453                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_producers       205125573                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_consumers       269610571                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_rate             1.635305                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_fanout           0.760822                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitSquashedInsts    169592478                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branchMispredicts      2823732                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    169166239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.185455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.363949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    115114789     68.05%     68.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17227234     10.18%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11105217      6.56%     84.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5014722      2.96%     87.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2545138      1.50%     89.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1934230      1.14%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1364837      0.81%     91.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       864202      0.51%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13995870      8.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    169166239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedInsts    200538932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedOps    200538932                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.refs             63498195                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.loads            49432720                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.membars                 0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branches         24329166                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.fp_insts               91                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.int_insts       197997126                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.function_calls       749984                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       538941      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    136501742     68.07%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           30      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt           18      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            6      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     49432701     24.65%     92.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14065457      7.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           19      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           18      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::total    200538932                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.bw_lim_events     13995870                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_reads          519646155                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_writes         763800121                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus_1.timesIdled                   138                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus_1.idleCycles                 10477                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus_1.committedInsts         200000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.committedOps           200000003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi                     0.963409                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi_total               0.963409                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc                     1.037981                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc_total               1.037981                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_reads      447947039                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_writes     259610718                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_reads              63                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_writes            103                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_reads            12                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_writes            6                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     15148761                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7572231                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1745                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1745                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191241900310356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5401117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4445359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3854633                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2175413                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2175413                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5401117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     22725294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side    735952896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                          727764                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                  33448000                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8304297                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.014494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                8302552     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1745      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            8304297                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         6350807835                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy        5045969979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
