
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.807467                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3807467493228                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               147284455810302                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 270934                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   270934                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              859642349                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2541832                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4429.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1200000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1200000006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 147284455810302                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.data            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        20864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    478794944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         6720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data     84942336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         563765248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        20864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         6720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        27712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks    280547264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      280547264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.data               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7481171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst          105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data      1327224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            8808832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks      4383551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           4383551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.inst                34                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.data                67                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         5480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    125751551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         1765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data     22309405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            148068302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           34                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         5480                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         1765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total            7278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       73683430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            73683430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       73683430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.inst               34                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.data               67                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         5480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    125751551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst         1765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data     22309405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           221751732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    8808832                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   4383551                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  8808832                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 4383551                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             563764224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              280546048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              563765248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           280547264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           549956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           549256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           550638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           552463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           551384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           549577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           550296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           551240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           551637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           549467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          547884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          550439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          551149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          551403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          551728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          550299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           275373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           273931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           273437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           274083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           274251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           274055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           273873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           273392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           273135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           272962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          273859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          275458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          274310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          273058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          273440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          274915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3807467316405                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              8808832                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             4383551                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                8378233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                 318645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  98360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  13578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                200181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                210337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                244017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                247486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                248000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                248090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                248378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                248751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                249015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                248587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                248532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                248539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                248668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                248647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                249116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                251346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                247942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                247636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      9314535                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    90.644327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.566144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.840066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      6670906     71.62%     71.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255      2415025     25.93%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       178270      1.91%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        34933      0.38%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9317      0.10%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3530      0.04%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1993      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          459      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          102      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      9314535                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       247457                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.597332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    57.080882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       247454    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       247457                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       247457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.714318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.696406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.781428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           36540     14.77%     14.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            9584      3.87%     18.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18          190893     77.14%     95.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            9098      3.68%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20            1205      0.49%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21             103      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              23      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               6      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       247457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                235087083435                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           400252383435                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               44044080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    26687.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               45437.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      148.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       73.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   148.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    73.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 2744612                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                1133196                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                31.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               25.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    288611.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   29.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             33242861820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             17668981110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            31450343400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           11444301900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        299321689680.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        233699073180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          7817412480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   1283894995200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   147381043200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy     22605399465                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2088554551905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           548.541661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        3274535741328                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5029263427                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 126668520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  75184333359                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 383798918613                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 401233845135                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 2815552612694                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             33262953780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             17679679215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            31444602840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           11437735140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        299010681840.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        232579749360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          7766524800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   1285711319010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   146775554880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy     22361065860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2088054923625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           548.410439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        3277136793468                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4875546330                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 126533960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  75372749177                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 382231544344                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 398920486379                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 2819533206998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 147284455810302                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.data             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        20288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    478759104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data     84975104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         563761280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        20288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        27008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    280560192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      280560192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.data               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7480611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data      1327736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            8808770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      4383753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           4383753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.inst                17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.data                17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         5328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    125742138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         1748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data     22318012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            148067260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           17                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         5328                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         1748                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total            7093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       73686825                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            73686825                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       73686825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.inst               17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.data               17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         5328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    125742138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst         1748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data     22318012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           221754085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    8808770                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   4383753                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  8808770                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 4383753                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             563759872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              280558464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              563761280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           280560192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           549845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           549488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           549890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           552870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           551248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           549694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           550374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           551112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           552043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           548902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          548124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          550497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          551145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          551159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          551588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          550769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           275297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           274136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           273282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           274281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           274239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           274037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           273907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           273324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           273305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           272845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          273929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          275447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          274240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          273086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          273413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          274958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3807467071650                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              8808770                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             4383753                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                8377911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                 318784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  98388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  13664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                200207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                210311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                244007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                247496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                247952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                248149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                248330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                248796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                249019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                248697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                248554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                248499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                248663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                248665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                249121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                251412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                247914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                247666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      9316470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    90.626325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.557898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.791823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      6672497     71.62%     71.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255      2415795     25.93%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       178019      1.91%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        34749      0.37%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9401      0.10%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3490      0.04%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1933      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          498      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           88      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      9316470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       247469                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.595279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    56.896930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       247466    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       247469                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       247469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.714243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.696338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.781296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           36586     14.78%     14.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            9441      3.82%     18.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18          191026     77.19%     95.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            9128      3.69%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20            1158      0.47%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              94      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              21      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23              11      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       247469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                235323915394                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           400487940394                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               44043740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    26714.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               45464.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      148.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       73.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   148.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    73.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 2743530                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                1132469                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                31.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               25.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    288607.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   29.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             33242483400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             17668783770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            31448279940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           11444865660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        299262069600.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        234164544870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          7800496320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   1282943433780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   147675621120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy     22655106840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2088330125880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           548.482718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        3273603504491                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4989962721                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 126643264000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  75536293609                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 384575368141                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 402230635589                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 2813491969168                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             33277148100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             17687219880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            31446180780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           11438184060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        299025433200.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        232451346600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          7774368960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   1285997877390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   146330538720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy     22626398895                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2088081212475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           548.417343                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        3277403891425                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4898574326                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 126540842000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  76161088622                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 381065510107                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 398624185477                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 2820177292696                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 147284455810302                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                       0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted                 0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect                 0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                    0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct                   nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                           13                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                       13                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                           13                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                       13                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           4                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       4                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3807467493228                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                              985                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles                 51                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                             23                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                             3                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                       3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                 7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                         4                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                     2                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples                 62                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.370968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.661856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                       59     95.16%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                        0      0.00%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                        0      0.00%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                        0      0.00%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                        0      0.00%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                        0      0.00%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                        0      0.00%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                        1      1.61%     96.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                        2      3.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                   62                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                         0                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.023350                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                       55                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                     2                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                     23                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                       55                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                       2                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                     23                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands                  22                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                    34                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups               19                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups                15                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                     2                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                       20                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                         0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                   11                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                   1                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                         23                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                        16                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined              21                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           28                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            62                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.258065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.974015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  57     91.94%     91.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                   1      1.61%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                   1      1.61%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                   0      0.00%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                   2      3.23%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                   1      1.61%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            5                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              62                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                     1      6.25%      6.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%      6.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%      6.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%      6.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%      6.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%      6.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  2     12.50%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     18.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                    6     37.50%     56.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                   0      0.00%     56.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead               7     43.75%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                     16                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.016244                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                          0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 76                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                17                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            1                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  18                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 27                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            3                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                      7                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       9                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads                0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads           10                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            1                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                       2                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  23                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    11                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                    1                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect              0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                    0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    16                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    13                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                           13                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                        0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                          0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.016244                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                              4                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                             4                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                         1                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                         1                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.004061                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                            1                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts              21                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples           58                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.034483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.184059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0           56     96.55%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            2      3.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total           58                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                    2                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                      2                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                              1                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                             1                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                          0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          1                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                         2                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu                1     50.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            1     50.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total                 2                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                     0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                           80                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                          49                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                               3                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                             923                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                           2                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                             2                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                             492.500000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                       492.500000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.002030                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.002030                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       54                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       1                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                        3                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 147284455810302                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          21170458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::258                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::259                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::260                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::261                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::262                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::263                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::264                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::265                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::266                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::267                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::268                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::269                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::270                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::271                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::272                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::273                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::258                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::259                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::260                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::261                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::262                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::263                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::264                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::265                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::266                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::267                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::268                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::269                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::270                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::271                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::272                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::273                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::258                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::259                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::260                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::261                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::262                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::263                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::264                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::265                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::266                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::267                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::268                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::269                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::270                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::271                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::272                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::273                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::258                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::259                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::260                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::261                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::262                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::263                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::264                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::265                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::266                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::267                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::268                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::269                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::270                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::271                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::272                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::273                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::0                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::1                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::2                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::3                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::4                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::5                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::6                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::7                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::8                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::9                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::10               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::11               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::12               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::13               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::14               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::15               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::16               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::17               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::18               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::19               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::20               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::21               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::22               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::23               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::24               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::25               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::26               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::27               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::28               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::29               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::30               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::31               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::32               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::33               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::34               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::35               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::36               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::37               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::38               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::39               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::40               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::41               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::42               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::43               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::44               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::45               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::46               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::47               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::48               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::49               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::50               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::51               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::52               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::53               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::54               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::55               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::56               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::57               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::58               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::59               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::60               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::61               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::62               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::63               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::64               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::65               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::66               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::67               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::68               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::69               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::70               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::71               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::72               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::73               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::74               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::75               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::76               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::77               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::78               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::79               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::80               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::81               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::82               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::83               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::84               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::85               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::86               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::87               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::88               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::89               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::90               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::91               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::92               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::93               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::94               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::95               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::96               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::97               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::98               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::99               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::100              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::101              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::102              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::103              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::104              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::105              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::106              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::107              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::108              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::109              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::110              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::111              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::112              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::113              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::114              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::115              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::116              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::117              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::118              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::119              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::120              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::121              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::122              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::123              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::124              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::125              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::126              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::127              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::128              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::129              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::130              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::131              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::132              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::133              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::134              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::135              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::136              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::137              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::138              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::139              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::140              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::141              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::142              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::143              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::144              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::145              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::146              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::147              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::148              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::149              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::150              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::151              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::152              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::153              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::154              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::155              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::156              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::157              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::158              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::159              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::160              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::161              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::162              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::163              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::164              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::165              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::166              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::167              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::168              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::169              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::170              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::171              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::172              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::173              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::174              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::175              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::176              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::177              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::178              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::179              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::180              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::181              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::182              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::183              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::184              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::185              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::186              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::187              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::188              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::189              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::190              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::191              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::192              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::193              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::194              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::195              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::196              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::197              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::198              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::199              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::200              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::201              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::202              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::203              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::204              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::205              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::206              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::207              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::208              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::209              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::210              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::211              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::212              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::213              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::214              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::215              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::216              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::217              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::218              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::219              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::220              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::221              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::222              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::223              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::224              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::225              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::226              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::227              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::228              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::229              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::230              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::231              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::232              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::233              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::234              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::235              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::236              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::237              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::238              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::239              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::240              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::241              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::242              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::243              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::244              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::245              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::246              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::247              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::248              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::249              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::250              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::251              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::252              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::253              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::254              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::255              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::256              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::257              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::258              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::259              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::260              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::261              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::262              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::263              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::264              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::265              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::266              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::267              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::268              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::269              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::270              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::271              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::272              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::273              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::total            0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ranks                  0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_invalid_fill            0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::0        2235123030                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::1         717598004                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::2         758011498                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::3        1709035788                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::total    5419768320                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::0    1434245833                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::1     623669256                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::2     600092743                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::3    2761760488                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::total   5419768320                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.989920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           473352844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          21170970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             22.358581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      143477188503687                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.101925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   482.310904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data    29.577091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.942013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.057768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        3985325682                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       3985325682                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 147284455810302                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    319030788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     86651392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       405682180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     57076271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     10590607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       67666878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           59                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           59                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           60                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           60                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    376107059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     97241999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        473349058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    376107059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     97241999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       473349058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     17598351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4429342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      22027699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       140554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data         1836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       142390                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           36                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           36                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     17738905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4431178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       22170089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     17738905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4431178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      22170089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       968031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2659386810807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 594823691889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 3254211470727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10014346629                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data     31254075                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10045600704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2203128                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2203128                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       335664                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       335664                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       968031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2669401157436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 594854945964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3264257071431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       968031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2669401157436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 594854945964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3264257071431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    336629139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     91080734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    427709879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     57216825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     10592443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     67809268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           96                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    393845964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data    101673177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    495519147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    393845964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data    101673177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    495519147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.048631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002457                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.385417                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.385417                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.043583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.043583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 161338.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151115.681850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 134291.660452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147732.701029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71249.104465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 17022.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70549.903111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        59544                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        59544                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         9324                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9324                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 161338.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 150482.859987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 134243.071699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147236.985446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 161338.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 150482.859987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 134243.071699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147236.985446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    143955980                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            981791                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   146.625891                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::0                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::1                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::2                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::3                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::total                0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      9054046                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           9054046                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       995590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       995591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       995807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       995808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       995807                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       995808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17598351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3433752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21032108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       140554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data         1619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       142173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           36                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17738905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3435371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21174281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17738905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3435371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21174281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       791874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2635945807275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 488839785885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3124786385034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9827128701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data     23950444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9851079145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2153844                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2153844                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       287712                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       287712                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       791874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2645772935976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 488863736329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 3134637464179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       791874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2645772935976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 488863736329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 3134637464179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.037700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002457                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000153                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002097                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.385417                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385417                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.033788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.033788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 158374.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 149783.681850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 142363.160148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148572.191862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69917.104465                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 14793.356393                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69289.380860                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        58212                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        58212                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 158374.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 149150.859987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 142303.039855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148039.853829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 158374.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 149150.859987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 142303.039855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148039.853829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 147284455810302                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::258                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::259                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::260                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::261                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::262                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::263                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::264                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::265                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::266                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::267                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::268                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::269                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::270                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::271                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::272                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::273                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::258                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::259                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::260                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::261                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::262                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::263                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::264                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::265                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::266                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::267                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::268                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::269                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::270                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::271                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::272                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::273                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::258                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::259                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::260                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::261                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::262                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::263                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::264                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::265                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::266                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::267                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::268                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::269                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::270                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::271                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::272                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::273                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::258                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::259                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::260                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::261                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::262                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::263                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::264                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::265                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::266                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::267                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::268                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::269                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::270                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::271                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::272                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::273                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::0                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::1                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::2                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::3                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::4                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::5                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::6                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::7                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::8                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::9                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::10               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::11               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::12               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::13               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::14               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::15               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::16               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::17               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::18               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::19               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::20               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::21               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::22               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::23               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::24               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::25               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::26               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::27               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::28               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::29               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::30               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::31               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::32               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::33               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::34               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::35               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::36               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::37               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::38               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::39               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::40               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::41               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::42               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::43               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::44               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::45               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::46               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::47               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::48               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::49               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::50               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::51               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::52               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::53               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::54               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::55               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::56               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::57               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::58               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::59               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::60               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::61               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::62               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::63               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::64               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::65               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::66               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::67               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::68               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::69               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::70               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::71               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::72               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::73               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::74               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::75               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::76               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::77               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::78               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::79               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::80               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::81               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::82               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::83               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::84               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::85               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::86               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::87               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::88               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::89               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::90               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::91               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::92               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::93               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::94               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::95               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::96               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::97               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::98               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::99               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::100              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::101              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::102              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::103              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::104              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::105              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::106              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::107              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::108              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::109              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::110              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::111              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::112              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::113              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::114              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::115              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::116              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::117              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::118              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::119              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::120              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::121              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::122              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::123              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::124              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::125              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::126              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::127              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::128              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::129              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::130              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::131              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::132              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::133              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::134              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::135              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::136              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::137              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::138              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::139              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::140              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::141              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::142              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::143              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::144              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::145              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::146              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::147              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::148              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::149              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::150              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::151              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::152              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::153              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::154              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::155              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::156              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::157              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::158              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::159              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::160              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::161              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::162              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::163              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::164              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::165              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::166              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::167              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::168              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::169              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::170              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::171              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::172              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::173              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::174              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::175              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::176              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::177              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::178              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::179              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::180              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::181              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::182              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::183              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::184              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::185              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::186              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::187              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::188              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::189              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::190              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::191              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::192              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::193              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::194              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::195              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::196              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::197              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::198              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::199              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::200              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::201              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::202              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::203              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::204              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::205              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::206              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::207              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::208              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::209              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::210              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::211              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::212              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::213              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::214              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::215              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::216              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::217              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::218              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::219              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::220              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::221              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::222              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::223              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::224              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::225              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::226              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::227              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::228              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::229              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::230              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::231              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::232              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::233              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::234              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::235              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::236              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::237              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::238              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::239              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::240              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::241              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::242              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::243              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::244              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::245              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::246              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::247              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::248              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::249              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::250              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::251              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::252              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::253              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::254              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::255              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::256              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::257              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::258              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::259              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::260              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::261              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::262              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::263              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::264              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::265              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::266              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::267              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::268              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::269              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::270              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::271              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::272              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::273              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::total            0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ranks                  0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_invalid_fill            0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::0             92049                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::1             44777                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::2             37489                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::3             44565                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::total        218880                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::0         76616                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::1         37338                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::2         28815                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::3         76111                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::total       218880                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           367.358831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1017848786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1190466.416374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      147128710230783                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     1.641255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   359.333166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     6.384410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.701823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.012470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.717498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        8142798663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       8142798663                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 147284455810302                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000540182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     17308604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1017848786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000540182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     17308604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1017848786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000540182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     17308604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1017848786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       633033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120449763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     43395894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164478690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       633033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120449763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     43395894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164478690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       633033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120449763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     43395894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164478690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000540825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     17308897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1017849726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000540825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     17308897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1017849726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000540825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     17308897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1017849726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 158258.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 187324.670295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 148108.853242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174977.329787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 158258.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 187324.670295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 148108.853242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174977.329787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 158258.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 187324.670295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 148108.853242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174977.329787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::0                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::1                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::2                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::3                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::total                0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          343                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               343                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst           84                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       469863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    119593287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     34004295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154067445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       469863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    119593287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     34004295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154067445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       469863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    119593287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     34004295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154067445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       156621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 185992.670295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 162699.976077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180195.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       156621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 185992.670295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 162699.976077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180195.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       156621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 185992.670295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 162699.976077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180195.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 147284455810302                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.tags.replacements              19594409                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::0                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::1                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::2                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::3                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::4                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::5                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::6                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::7                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::8                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::9                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::10                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::11                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::12                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::13                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::14                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::15                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::16                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::17                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::18                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::19                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::20                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::21                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::22                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::23                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::24                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::25                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::26                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::27                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::28                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::29                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::30                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::31                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::32                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::33                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::34                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::35                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::36                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::37                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::38                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::39                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::40                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::41                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::42                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::43                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::44                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::45                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::46                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::47                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::48                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::49                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::50                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::51                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::52                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::53                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::54                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::55                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::56                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::57                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::58                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::59                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::60                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::61                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::62                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::63                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::64                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::65                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::66                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::67                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::68                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::69                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::70                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::71                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::72                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::73                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::74                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::75                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::76                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::77                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::78                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::79                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::80                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::81                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::82                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::83                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::84                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::85                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::86                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::87                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::88                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::89                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::90                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::91                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::92                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::93                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::94                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::95                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::96                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::97                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::98                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::99                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::100                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::101                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::102                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::103                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::104                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::105                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::106                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::107                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::108                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::109                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::110                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::111                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::112                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::113                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::114                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::115                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::116                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::117                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::118                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::119                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::120                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::121                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::122                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::123                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::124                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::125                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::126                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::127                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::128                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::129                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::130                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::131                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::132                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::133                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::134                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::135                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::136                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::137                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::138                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::139                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::140                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::141                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::142                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::143                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::144                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::145                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::146                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::147                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::148                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::149                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::150                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::151                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::152                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::153                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::154                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::155                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::156                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::157                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::158                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::159                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::160                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::161                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::162                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::163                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::164                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::165                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::166                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::167                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::168                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::169                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::170                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::171                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::172                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::173                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::174                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::175                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::176                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::177                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::178                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::179                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::180                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::181                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::182                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::183                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::184                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::185                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::186                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::187                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::188                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::189                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::190                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::191                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::192                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::193                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::194                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::195                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::196                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::197                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::198                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::199                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::200                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::201                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::202                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::203                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::204                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::205                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::206                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::207                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::208                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::209                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::210                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::211                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::212                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::213                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::214                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::215                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::216                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::217                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::218                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::219                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::220                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::221                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::222                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::223                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::224                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::225                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::226                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::227                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::228                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::229                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::230                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::231                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::232                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::233                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::234                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::235                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::236                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::237                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::238                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::239                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::240                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::241                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::242                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::243                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::244                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::245                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::246                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::247                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::248                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::249                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::250                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::251                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::252                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::253                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::254                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::255                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::256                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::257                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::258                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::259                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::260                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::261                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::262                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::263                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::264                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::265                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::266                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::267                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::268                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::269                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::270                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::271                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::272                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::273                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::total                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::0                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::1                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::2                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::3                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::4                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::5                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::6                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::7                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::8                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::9                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::10                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::11                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::12                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::13                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::14                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::15                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::16                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::17                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::18                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::19                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::20                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::21                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::22                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::23                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::24                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::25                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::26                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::27                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::28                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::29                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::30                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::31                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::32                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::33                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::34                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::35                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::36                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::37                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::38                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::39                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::40                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::41                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::42                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::43                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::44                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::45                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::46                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::47                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::48                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::49                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::50                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::51                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::52                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::53                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::54                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::55                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::56                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::57                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::58                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::59                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::60                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::61                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::62                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::63                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::64                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::65                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::66                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::67                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::68                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::69                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::70                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::71                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::72                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::73                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::74                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::75                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::76                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::77                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::78                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::79                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::80                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::81                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::82                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::83                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::84                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::85                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::86                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::87                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::88                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::89                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::90                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::91                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::92                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::93                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::94                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::95                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::96                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::97                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::98                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::99                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::100                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::101                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::102                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::103                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::104                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::105                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::106                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::107                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::108                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::109                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::110                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::111                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::112                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::113                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::114                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::115                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::116                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::117                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::118                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::119                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::120                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::121                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::122                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::123                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::124                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::125                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::126                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::127                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::128                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::129                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::130                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::131                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::132                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::133                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::134                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::135                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::136                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::137                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::138                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::139                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::140                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::141                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::142                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::143                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::144                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::145                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::146                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::147                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::148                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::149                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::150                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::151                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::152                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::153                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::154                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::155                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::156                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::157                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::158                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::159                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::160                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::161                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::162                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::163                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::164                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::165                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::166                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::167                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::168                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::169                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::170                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::171                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::172                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::173                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::174                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::175                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::176                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::177                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::178                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::179                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::180                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::181                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::182                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::183                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::184                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::185                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::186                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::187                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::188                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::189                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::190                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::191                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::192                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::193                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::194                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::195                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::196                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::197                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::198                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::199                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::200                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::201                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::202                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::203                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::204                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::205                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::206                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::207                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::208                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::209                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::210                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::211                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::212                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::213                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::214                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::215                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::216                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::217                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::218                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::219                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::220                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::221                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::222                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::223                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::224                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::225                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::226                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::227                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::228                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::229                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::230                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::231                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::232                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::233                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::234                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::235                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::236                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::237                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::238                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::239                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::240                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::241                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::242                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::243                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::244                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::245                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::246                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::247                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::248                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::249                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::250                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::251                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::252                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::253                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::254                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::255                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::256                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::257                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::258                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::259                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::260                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::261                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::262                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::263                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::264                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::265                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::266                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::267                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::268                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::269                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::270                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::271                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::272                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::273                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::total                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::0                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::1                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::2                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::3                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::4                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::5                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::6                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::7                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::8                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::9                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::10                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::11                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::12                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::13                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::14                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::15                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::16                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::17                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::18                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::19                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::20                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::21                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::22                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::23                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::24                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::25                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::26                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::27                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::28                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::29                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::30                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::31                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::32                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::33                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::34                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::35                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::36                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::37                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::38                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::39                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::40                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::41                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::42                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::43                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::44                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::45                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::46                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::47                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::48                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::49                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::50                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::51                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::52                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::53                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::54                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::55                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::56                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::57                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::58                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::59                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::60                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::61                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::62                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::63                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::64                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::65                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::66                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::67                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::68                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::69                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::70                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::71                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::72                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::73                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::74                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::75                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::76                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::77                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::78                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::79                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::80                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::81                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::82                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::83                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::84                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::85                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::86                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::87                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::88                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::89                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::90                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::91                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::92                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::93                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::94                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::95                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::96                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::97                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::98                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::99                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::100                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::101                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::102                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::103                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::104                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::105                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::106                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::107                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::108                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::109                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::110                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::111                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::112                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::113                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::114                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::115                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::116                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::117                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::118                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::119                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::120                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::121                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::122                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::123                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::124                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::125                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::126                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::127                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::128                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::129                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::130                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::131                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::132                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::133                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::134                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::135                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::136                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::137                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::138                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::139                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::140                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::141                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::142                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::143                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::144                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::145                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::146                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::147                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::148                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::149                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::150                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::151                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::152                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::153                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::154                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::155                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::156                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::157                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::158                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::159                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::160                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::161                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::162                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::163                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::164                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::165                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::166                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::167                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::168                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::169                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::170                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::171                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::172                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::173                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::174                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::175                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::176                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::177                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::178                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::179                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::180                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::181                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::182                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::183                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::184                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::185                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::186                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::187                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::188                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::189                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::190                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::191                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::192                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::193                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::194                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::195                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::196                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::197                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::198                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::199                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::200                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::201                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::202                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::203                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::204                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::205                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::206                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::207                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::208                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::209                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::210                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::211                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::212                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::213                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::214                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::215                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::216                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::217                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::218                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::219                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::220                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::221                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::222                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::223                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::224                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::225                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::226                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::227                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::228                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::229                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::230                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::231                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::232                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::233                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::234                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::235                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::236                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::237                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::238                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::239                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::240                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::241                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::242                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::243                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::244                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::245                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::246                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::247                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::248                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::249                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::250                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::251                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::252                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::253                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::254                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::255                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::256                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::257                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::258                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::259                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::260                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::261                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::262                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::263                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::264                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::265                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::266                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::267                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::268                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::269                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::270                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::271                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::272                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::273                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::total                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::0                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::1                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::2                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::3                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::4                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::5                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::6                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::7                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::8                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::9                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::10                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::11                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::12                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::13                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::14                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::15                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::16                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::17                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::18                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::19                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::20                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::21                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::22                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::23                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::24                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::25                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::26                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::27                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::28                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::29                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::30                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::31                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::32                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::33                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::34                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::35                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::36                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::37                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::38                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::39                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::40                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::41                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::42                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::43                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::44                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::45                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::46                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::47                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::48                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::49                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::50                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::51                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::52                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::53                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::54                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::55                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::56                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::57                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::58                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::59                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::60                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::61                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::62                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::63                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::64                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::65                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::66                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::67                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::68                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::69                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::70                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::71                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::72                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::73                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::74                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::75                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::76                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::77                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::78                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::79                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::80                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::81                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::82                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::83                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::84                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::85                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::86                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::87                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::88                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::89                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::90                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::91                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::92                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::93                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::94                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::95                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::96                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::97                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::98                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::99                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::100                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::101                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::102                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::103                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::104                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::105                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::106                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::107                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::108                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::109                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::110                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::111                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::112                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::113                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::114                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::115                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::116                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::117                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::118                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::119                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::120                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::121                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::122                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::123                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::124                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::125                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::126                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::127                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::128                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::129                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::130                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::131                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::132                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::133                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::134                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::135                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::136                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::137                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::138                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::139                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::140                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::141                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::142                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::143                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::144                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::145                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::146                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::147                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::148                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::149                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::150                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::151                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::152                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::153                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::154                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::155                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::156                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::157                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::158                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::159                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::160                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::161                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::162                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::163                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::164                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::165                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::166                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::167                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::168                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::169                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::170                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::171                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::172                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::173                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::174                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::175                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::176                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::177                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::178                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::179                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::180                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::181                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::182                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::183                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::184                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::185                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::186                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::187                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::188                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::189                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::190                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::191                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::192                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::193                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::194                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::195                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::196                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::197                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::198                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::199                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::200                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::201                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::202                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::203                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::204                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::205                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::206                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::207                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::208                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::209                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::210                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::211                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::212                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::213                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::214                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::215                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::216                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::217                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::218                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::219                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::220                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::221                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::222                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::223                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::224                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::225                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::226                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::227                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::228                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::229                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::230                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::231                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::232                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::233                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::234                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::235                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::236                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::237                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::238                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::239                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::240                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::241                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::242                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::243                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::244                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::245                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::246                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::247                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::248                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::249                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::250                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::251                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::252                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::253                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::254                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::255                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::256                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::257                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::258                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::259                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::260                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::261                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::262                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::263                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::264                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::265                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::266                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::267                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::268                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::269                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::270                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::271                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::272                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::273                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::total                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::0                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::1                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::2                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::3                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::4                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::5                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::6                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::7                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::8                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::9                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::10                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::11                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::12                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::13                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::14                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::15                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::16                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::17                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::18                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::19                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::20                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::21                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::22                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::23                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::24                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::25                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::26                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::27                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::28                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::29                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::30                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::31                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::32                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::33                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::34                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::35                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::36                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::37                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::38                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::39                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::40                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::41                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::42                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::43                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::44                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::45                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::46                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::47                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::48                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::49                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::50                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::51                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::52                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::53                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::54                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::55                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::56                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::57                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::58                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::59                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::60                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::61                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::62                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::63                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::64                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::65                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::66                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::67                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::68                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::69                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::70                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::71                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::72                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::73                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::74                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::75                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::76                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::77                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::78                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::79                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::80                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::81                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::82                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::83                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::84                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::85                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::86                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::87                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::88                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::89                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::90                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::91                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::92                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::93                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::94                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::95                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::96                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::97                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::98                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::99                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::100                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::101                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::102                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::103                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::104                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::105                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::106                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::107                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::108                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::109                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::110                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::111                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::112                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::113                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::114                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::115                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::116                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::117                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::118                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::119                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::120                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::121                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::122                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::123                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::124                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::125                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::126                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::127                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::128                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::129                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::130                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::131                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::132                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::133                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::134                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::135                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::136                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::137                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::138                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::139                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::140                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::141                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::142                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::143                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::144                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::145                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::146                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::147                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::148                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::149                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::150                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::151                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::152                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::153                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::154                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::155                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::156                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::157                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::158                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::159                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::160                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::161                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::162                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::163                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::164                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::165                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::166                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::167                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::168                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::169                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::170                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::171                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::172                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::173                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::174                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::175                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::176                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::177                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::178                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::179                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::180                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::181                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::182                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::183                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::184                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::185                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::186                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::187                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::188                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::189                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::190                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::191                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::192                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::193                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::194                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::195                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::196                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::197                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::198                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::199                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::200                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::201                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::202                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::203                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::204                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::205                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::206                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::207                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::208                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::209                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::210                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::211                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::212                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::213                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::214                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::215                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::216                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::217                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::218                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::219                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::220                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::221                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::222                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::223                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::224                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::225                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::226                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::227                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::228                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::229                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::230                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::231                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::232                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::233                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::234                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::235                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::236                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::237                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::238                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::239                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::240                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::241                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::242                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::243                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::244                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::245                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::246                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::247                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::248                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::249                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::250                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::251                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::252                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::253                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::254                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::255                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::256                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::257                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::258                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::259                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::260                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::261                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::262                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::263                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::264                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::265                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::266                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::267                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::268                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::269                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::270                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::271                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::272                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::273                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::total                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ranks                      0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_invalid_fill               0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::0                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::1                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::2                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::3                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::4                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::5                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::6                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::7                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::8                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::0                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::1                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::2                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::3                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::4                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::5                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::6                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::7                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::8                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::total                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::0            2110361363                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::1             687736898                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::2             722264837                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::3            1533258150                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::total        5053621248                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::0        1357897912                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::1         587042315                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::2         558236472                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::3        2550444549                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::total    5053621248                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.tagsinuse              4092.681253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_refs                22595902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.sampled_refs              19598505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_refs                  1.152940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.warmup_cycle          143480624098320                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    37.873917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.000683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.001979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.128781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3817.552544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.016421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data   237.106928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.009247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.932020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.057887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2975                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.tag_accesses             358508788                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2.tags.data_accesses            358508788                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 147284455810302                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      9054046                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      9054046                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          343                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          343                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2507                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          835                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             3342                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total             36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          250                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          724                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               974                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1144300                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       432256                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       1576556                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1144550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       432980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::total              1577530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1144550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       432980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::total             1577530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       137791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          137851                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          855                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16454088                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     19455589                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16591879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::total           19594295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16591879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::total          19594295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9667309680                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      8646678                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9675956358                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       466866                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118950930                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     33792840                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    153210636                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       786213                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2610365081607                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 481541938704                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 3091907806524                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       466866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       786213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118950930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2620032391287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     33792840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 481550585382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::total 3101736973518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       466866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       786213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118950930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2620032391287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     33792840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 481550585382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::total 3101736973518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      9054046                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      9054046                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          343                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          343                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2513                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          835                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3348                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138041                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          784                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        138825                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          855                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17598388                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      3433752                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     21032145                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17736429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      3434536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::total         21171825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17736429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      3434536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::total        21171825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002388                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.001792                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998189                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.076531                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.992984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.934977                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.874116                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.925041                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.873933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::total        0.925489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.873933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::total       0.925489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70159.224333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 144111.300000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70191.412162                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       155622                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 184993.670295                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 161688.229665                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179193.726316                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 157242.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 158645.382327                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 160433.976492                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158921.315953                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       155622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 157242.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 184993.670295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 157910.529078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 161688.229665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 160433.650207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158297.962418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       155622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 157242.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 184993.670295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 157910.529078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 161688.229665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 160433.650207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158297.962418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::0                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::1                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::2                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::3                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::total                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::writebacks          9034732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::total               9034732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         9394                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         9394                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       137791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       137851                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          855                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16454088                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001496                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     19455589                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16591879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total      19594295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16591879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total     19594295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        85914                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        85914                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4161181320                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      6249078                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4167430398                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       346986                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93256650                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     25441200                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119044836                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       586413                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1952859725127                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 361602158544                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2314462470084                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       346986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       586413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93256650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1957020906447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     25441200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 361608407622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2318748945318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       346986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       586413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93256650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1957020906447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     25441200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 361608407622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2318748945318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001792                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.076531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.934977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.874116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.873933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.873933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        14319                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14319                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30199.224333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 104151.300000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30231.412162                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       115662                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 145033.670295                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 121728.229665                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139233.726316                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117282.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118685.382327                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 120473.976492                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118961.315953                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       115662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117282.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 145033.670295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 117950.529078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 121728.229665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 120473.650207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118337.962418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       115662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117282.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 145033.670295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 117950.529078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 121728.229665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 120473.650207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118337.962418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     42346010                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     21174185                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        24374                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        24374                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 147284455810302                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp      21033000                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     18088779                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          343                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict     23833265                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         3348                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           36                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3384                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       138825                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       138825                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          855                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     21032145                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side         2053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side     63519166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          63521219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side        76672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side   1934401024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size::total         1934477696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoops                    20751586                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             578222912                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples     41926795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.024104                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0           41902421     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1              24374      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total       41926795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    20131444404                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        854145                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy   21150926898                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 147284455810302                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                  18228386                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::0                 1240445839                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::1                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::2                     260852                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::3                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::4                     211141                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::5                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::6                     199990                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::7                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::8                     212573                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::9                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::10                    179136                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::11                       140                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::12                   1100153                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::13                      3008                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::14                   7569970                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::15                    660819                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::16                 849563678                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::17                    153488                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::18                      3750                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::19                      3691                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::20                      7421                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::21                      1933                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::22                      7085                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::23                      2755                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::24                     15071                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::25                      4118                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::26                     13218                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::27                      3994                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::28                    136283                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::29                    121446                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::30                    997760                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::31                   3584338                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::32                  91585807                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::33                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::34                  16991037                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::35                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::36                    338636                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::37                       375                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::38                    278666                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::39                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::40                    257530                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::41                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::42                    239686                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::43                       389                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::44                    474484                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::45                     18458                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::46                  12700230                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::47                    904138                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::48                  87380074                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::49                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::50                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::51                    333871                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::52                      7025                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::53                      4606                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::54                      7612                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::55                      4317                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::56                     11281                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::57                      3569                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::58                     15247                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::59                      9927                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::60                     25937                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::61                     62049                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::62                   1251052                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::63                   2926754                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::64                   5455720                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::65                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::66                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::67                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::68                  15255648                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::69                       191                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::70                    317297                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::71                       353                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::72                    293758                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::73                       312                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::74                    226446                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::75                      1184                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::76                    433381                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::77                     11590                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::78                   2458766                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::79                    436664                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::80                  14292008                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::81                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::82                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::83                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::84                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::85                    357380                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::86                      4166                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::87                      6827                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::88                      7634                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::89                      6013                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::90                     10725                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::91                     12030                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::92                     25956                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::93                     35860                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::94                    195845                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::95                    882282                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::96                    630996                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::97                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::98                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::99                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::100                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::101                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::102                 13086336                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::103                      180                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::104                   313532                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::105                      292                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::106                   240833                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::107                     1202                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::108                   474252                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::109                     7441                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::110                  1121046                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::111                    87677                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::112                  1307550                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::113                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::114                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::115                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::116                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::117                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::118                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::119                   389040                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::120                     5970                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::121                    11360                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::122                     9776                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::123                    25477                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::124                    23148                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::125                    43859                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::126                    78301                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::127                   242562                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::128                    66463                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::129                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::130                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::131                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::132                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::133                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::134                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::135                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::136                 12443397                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::137                    22077                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::138                   307475                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::139                    23758                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::140                   672675                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::141                    23541                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::142                  1151253                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::143                    48874                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::144                   938969                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::145                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::146                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::147                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::148                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::149                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::150                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::151                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::152                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::153                   441787                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::154                     4034                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::155                    39272                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::156                    20373                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::157                    62471                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::158                    47627                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::159                   103534                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::160                    38714                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::161                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::162                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::163                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::164                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::165                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::166                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::167                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::168                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::169                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::170                  9566284                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::171                     1748                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::172                   734684                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::173                     4847                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::174                  1020185                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::175                     7598                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::176                   682827                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::177                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::178                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::179                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::180                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::181                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::182                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::183                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::184                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::185                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::186                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::187                  2080483                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::188                     9078                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::189                    87920                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::190                    18722                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::191                   110348                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::192                    15631                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::193                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::194                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::195                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::196                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::197                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::198                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::199                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::200                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::201                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::202                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::203                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::204                 28962842                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::205                     2038                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::206                   561890                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::207                     6486                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::208                   639763                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::209                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::210                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::211                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::212                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::213                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::214                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::215                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::216                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::217                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::218                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::219                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::220                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::221                  3677759                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::222                     4127                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::223                    94403                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::224                    12528                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::225                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::226                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::227                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::228                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::229                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::230                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::231                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::232                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::233                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::234                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::235                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::236                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::237                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::238                 14999802                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::239                     1981                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::240                   560733                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::241                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::242                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::243                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::244                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::245                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::246                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::247                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::248                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::249                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::250                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::251                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::252                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::253                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::254                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::255                  3372640                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::256                     4479                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::257                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::258                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::259                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::260                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::261                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::262                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::263                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::264                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::265                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::266                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::267                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::268                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::269                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::270                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::271                 25343297                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::272                 23649604                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::273                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::total             2512816294                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::0                        315                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::1                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::2                      11051                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::3                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::4                      19604                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::5                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::6                      31180                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::7                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::8                      56884                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::9                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::10                     59432                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::11                        63                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::12                    492753                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::13                      1988                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::14                   4724700                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::15                    562501                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::16                 717745591                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::17                      7170                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::18                       159                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::19                       348                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::20                       722                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::21                       317                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::22                      1116                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::23                       690                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::24                      3797                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::25                      2071                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::26                      4463                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::27                      1920                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::28                     60933                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::29                     76864                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::30                    627566                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::31                   3221020                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::32                  78185010                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::33                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::34                    723802                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::35                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::36                     31712                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::37                        70                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::38                     43240                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::39                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::40                     60051                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::41                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::42                     80192                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::43                       195                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::44                    224139                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::45                     11555                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::46                   7917484                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::47                    811420                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::48                  77213778                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::49                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::50                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::51                     32357                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::52                       667                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::53                       795                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::54                      1200                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::55                      1007                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::56                      2737                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::57                      1248                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::58                      5116                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::59                      5006                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::60                     12368                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::61                     39911                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::62                    781298                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::63                   2617433                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::64                   4833065                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::65                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::66                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::67                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::68                   1428818                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::69                        35                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::70                     49824                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::71                        84                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::72                     68986                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::73                        90                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::74                     76234                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::75                       537                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::76                    205922                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::77                      7809                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::78                   1570639                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::79                    388963                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::80                  12616906                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::81                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::82                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::83                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::84                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::85                     57013                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::86                       693                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::87                      1681                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::88                      1924                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::89                      2170                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::90                      3702                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::91                      6038                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::92                     12764                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::93                     25537                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::94                    126184                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::95                    813583                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::96                    558256                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::97                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::98                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::99                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::100                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::101                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::102                  2039718                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::103                       30                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::104                    74120                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::105                      114                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::106                    80910                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::107                      648                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::108                   224683                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::109                     5823                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::110                   756151                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::111                    80118                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::112                  1223387                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::113                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::114                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::115                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::116                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::117                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::118                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::119                    95639                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::120                     2064                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::121                     4897                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::122                     4069                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::123                    13063                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::124                    11718                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::125                    30727                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::126                    56004                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::127                   223427                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::128                    62492                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::129                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::130                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::131                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::132                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::133                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::134                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::135                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::136                  3412603                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::137                    19234                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::138                   117037                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::139                    22576                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::140                   328128                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::141                    21958                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::142                   775002                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::143                    43366                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::144                   885640                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::145                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::146                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::147                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::148                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::149                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::150                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::151                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::152                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::153                   178482                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::154                     1777                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::155                    19757                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::156                    10211                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::157                    43287                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::158                    32370                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::159                   100168                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::160                    37352                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::161                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::162                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::163                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::164                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::165                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::166                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::167                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::168                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::169                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::170                  3232555                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::171                     1061                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::172                   346340                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::173                     3108                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::174                   677306                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::175                     7180                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::176                   650643                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::177                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::178                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::179                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::180                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::181                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::182                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::183                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::184                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::185                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::186                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::187                  1025649                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::188                     4432                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::189                    60803                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::190                    12552                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::191                   106080                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::192                    15078                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::193                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::194                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::195                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::196                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::197                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::198                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::199                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::200                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::201                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::202                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::203                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::204                 13583110                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::205                     1378                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::206                   366686                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::207                     5773                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::208                   606892                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::209                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::210                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::211                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::212                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::213                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::214                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::215                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::216                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::217                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::218                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::219                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::220                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::221                  2530373                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::222                     2920                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::223                    89551                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::224                    11916                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::225                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::226                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::227                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::228                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::229                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::230                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::231                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::232                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::233                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::234                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::235                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::236                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::237                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::238                  9709045                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::239                     1911                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::240                   529750                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::241                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::242                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::243                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::244                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::245                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::246                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::247                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::248                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::249                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::250                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::251                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::252                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::253                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::254                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::255                  3200575                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::256                     4343                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::257                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::258                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::259                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::260                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::261                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::262                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::263                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::264                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::265                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::266                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::267                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::268                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::269                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::270                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::271                 11881109                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::272                 21999770                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::273                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::total             1001083105                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::0                         37                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::1                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::2                       6495                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::3                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::4                      11350                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::5                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::6                      18039                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::7                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::8                      31327                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::9                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::10                     35344                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::11                        22                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::12                    302727                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::13                      1167                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::14                   2927239                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::15                    336632                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::16                 449174511                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::17                      3607                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::18                        98                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::19                       193                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::20                       389                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::21                       164                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::22                       670                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::23                       371                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::24                      2073                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::25                      1060                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::26                      2617                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::27                      1127                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::28                     37353                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::29                     46382                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::30                    388807                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::31                   1910803                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::32                  48888080                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::33                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::34                    665237                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::35                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::36                     21749                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::37                        41                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::38                     28783                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::39                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::40                     39029                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::41                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::42                     50355                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::43                       105                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::44                    146062                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::45                      7195                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::46                   5264027                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::47                    484322                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::48                  51343324                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::49                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::50                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::51                     22853                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::52                       447                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::53                       426                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::54                       797                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::55                       655                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::56                      1697                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::57                       775                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::58                      3239                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::59                      2982                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::60                      7761                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::61                     26063                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::62                    519805                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::63                   1594202                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::64                   3192875                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::65                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::66                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::67                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::68                   1306557                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::69                        25                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::70                     37085                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::71                        39                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::72                     49706                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::73                        68                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::74                     52398                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::75                       352                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::76                    144480                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::77                      5058                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::78                   1108706                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::79                    236614                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::80                   9176250                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::81                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::82                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::83                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::84                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::85                     44207                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::86                       497                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::87                      1176                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::88                      1387                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::89                      1459                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::90                      2598                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::91                      4337                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::92                      8853                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::93                     15759                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::94                     88209                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::95                    526246                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::96                    406115                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::97                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::98                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::99                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::100                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::101                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::102                  1880016                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::103                       43                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::104                    57254                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::105                       75                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::106                    60145                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::107                      507                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::108                   174361                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::109                     3433                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::110                   530735                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::111                    53236                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::112                   917662                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::113                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::114                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::115                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::116                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::117                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::118                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::119                    78194                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::120                     1351                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::121                     3105                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::122                     2883                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::123                     9604                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::124                     8795                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::125                    20920                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::126                    37617                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::127                   169366                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::128                    43091                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::129                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::130                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::131                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::132                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::133                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::134                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::135                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::136                  2903672                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::137                    11223                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::138                    88604                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::139                    13077                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::140                   270836                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::141                    12818                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::142                   582200                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::143                    30811                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::144                   665314                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::145                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::146                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::147                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::148                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::149                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::150                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::151                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::152                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::153                   137137                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::154                     1281                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::155                    15221                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::156                     8208                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::157                    31716                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::158                    23816                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::159                    88601                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::160                    25784                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::161                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::162                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::163                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::164                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::165                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::166                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::167                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::168                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::169                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::170                  3040650                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::171                      760                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::172                   302656                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::173                     2378                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::174                   563145                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::175                     6441                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::176                   529578                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::177                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::178                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::179                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::180                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::181                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::182                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::183                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::184                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::185                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::186                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::187                   810699                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::188                     4224                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::189                    45994                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::190                    11400                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::191                   101055                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::192                    11682                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::193                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::194                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::195                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::196                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::197                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::198                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::199                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::200                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::201                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::202                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::203                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::204                 12694718                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::205                     1022                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::206                   396520                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::207                     5749                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::208                   510980                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::209                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::210                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::211                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::212                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::213                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::214                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::215                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::216                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::217                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::218                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::219                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::220                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::221                  1925967                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::222                     3273                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::223                    93130                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::224                     9546                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::225                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::226                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::227                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::228                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::229                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::230                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::231                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::232                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::233                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::234                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::235                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::236                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::237                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::238                 12269146                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::239                     2084                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::240                   455334                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::241                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::242                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::243                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::244                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::245                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::246                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::247                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::248                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::249                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::250                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::251                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::252                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::253                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::254                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::255                  3499095                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::256                     3470                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::257                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::258                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::259                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::260                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::261                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::262                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::263                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::264                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::265                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::266                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::267                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::268                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::269                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::270                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::271                  8460897                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::272                 22391413                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::273                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::total              657887389                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::0                         17                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::1                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::2                       6274                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::3                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::4                      11345                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::5                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::6                      17799                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::7                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::8                      30736                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::9                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::10                     33800                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::11                        31                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::12                    277039                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::13                      1005                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::14                   2657387                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::15                    311408                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::16                 411863100                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::17                      1111                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::18                        89                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::19                       120                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::20                       428                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::21                       146                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::22                       601                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::23                       280                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::24                      2099                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::25                       943                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::26                      2486                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::27                       895                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::28                     34487                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::29                     38444                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::30                    352331                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::31                   1658495                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::32                  44998063                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::33                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::34                    208340                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::35                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::36                     15455                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::37                        26                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::38                     22047                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::39                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::40                     31230                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::41                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::42                     43207                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::43                        79                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::44                    114291                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::45                      5800                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::46                   4221555                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::47                    420536                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::48                  41131112                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::49                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::50                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::51                      6439                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::52                       309                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::53                       317                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::54                       631                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::55                       421                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::56                      1437                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::57                       552                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::58                      2766                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::59                      2309                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::60                      6414                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::61                     18153                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::62                    415397                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::63                   1314987                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::64                   2584132                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::65                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::66                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::67                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::68                    415889                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::69                         5                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::70                     22034                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::71                        36                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::72                     31966                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::73                        42                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::74                     37114                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::75                       231                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::76                     97625                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::77                      3447                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::78                    768577                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::79                    194975                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::80                   6185044                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::81                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::82                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::83                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::84                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::85                     14232                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::86                       276                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::87                       556                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::88                       831                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::89                       854                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::90                      1663                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::91                      2171                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::92                      5931                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::93                     11164                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::94                     61826                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::95                    376545                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::96                    273177                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::97                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::98                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::99                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::100                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::101                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::102                   619018                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::103                        3                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::104                    30486                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::105                       31                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::106                    36416                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::107                      203                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::108                    94128                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::109                     2503                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::110                   358916                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::111                    36505                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::112                   555497                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::113                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::114                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::115                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::116                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::117                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::118                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::119                    22599                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::120                      599                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::121                     1630                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::122                     1448                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::123                     4336                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::124                     4723                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::125                    12014                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::126                    26478                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::127                    85285                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::128                    30962                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::129                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::130                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::131                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::132                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::133                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::134                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::135                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::136                   924168                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::137                     3530                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::138                    43940                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::139                     5869                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::140                   121257                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::141                     8243                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::142                   342361                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::143                    18261                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::144                   400061                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::145                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::146                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::147                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::148                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::149                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::150                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::151                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::152                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::153                    44130                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::154                      588                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::155                     6134                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::156                     3704                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::157                    15614                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::158                    14203                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::159                    27185                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::160                    18214                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::161                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::162                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::163                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::164                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::165                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::166                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::167                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::168                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::169                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::170                   958207                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::171                      271                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::172                   122368                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::173                     1187                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::174                   266340                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::175                     1821                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::176                   265336                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::177                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::178                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::179                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::180                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::181                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::182                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::183                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::184                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::185                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::186                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::187                   306913                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::188                     1210                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::189                    20579                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::190                     4174                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::191                    23765                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::192                     6505                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::193                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::194                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::195                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::196                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::197                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::198                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::199                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::200                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::201                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::202                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::203                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::204                  4240930                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::205                      426                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::206                    81112                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::207                     1192                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::208                   237629                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::209                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::210                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::211                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::212                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::213                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::214                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::215                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::216                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::217                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::218                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::219                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::220                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::221                   855597                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::222                      432                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::223                    14756                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::224                     4922                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::225                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::226                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::227                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::228                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::229                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::230                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::231                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::232                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::233                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::234                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::235                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::236                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::237                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::238                   926391                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::239                      168                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::240                   202919                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::241                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::242                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::243                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::244                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::245                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::246                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::247                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::248                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::249                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::250                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::251                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::252                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::253                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::254                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::255                   404234                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::256                     1788                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::257                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::258                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::259                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::260                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::261                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::262                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::263                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::264                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::265                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::266                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::267                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::268                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::269                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::270                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::271                  6383305                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::272                  6117805                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::273                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::total              546748636                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::0                  1427601                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::1                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::2                      241                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::3                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::4                      194                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::5                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::6                      207                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::7                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::8                      309                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::9                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::10                     257                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::11                       1                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::12                    2309                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::13                       3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::14                   20875                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::15                    1888                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::16                 3384298                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::17                     323                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::18                       7                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::19                       8                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::20                       9                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::21                       3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::22                      11                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::23                       3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::24                      20                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::25                       4                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::26                      21                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::27                      10                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::28                     289                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::29                     287                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::30                    2624                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::31                   10659                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::32                  743828                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::33                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::34                   38851                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::35                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::36                     499                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::37                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::38                     414                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::39                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::40                     489                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::41                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::42                     500                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::43                       2                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::44                    1034                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::45                      49                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::46                   36312                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::47                    2826                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::48                 1292025                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::49                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::50                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::51                    1110                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::52                      14                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::53                       7                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::54                       9                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::55                       7                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::56                      16                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::57                      11                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::58                      38                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::59                      14                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::60                      70                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::61                     202                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::62                    4118                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::63                   11007                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::64                  171073                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::65                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::66                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::67                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::68                   38607                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::69                       1                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::70                     485                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::71                       1                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::72                     608                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::73                       1                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::74                     534                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::75                       2                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::76                    1397                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::77                      48                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::78                   10892                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::79                    2063                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::80                  625061                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::81                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::82                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::83                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::84                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::85                    1763                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::86                       9                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::87                      20                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::88                      21                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::89                      20                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::90                      33                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::91                      39                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::92                      96                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::93                     158                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::94                    1062                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::95                    5390                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::96                   66935                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::97                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::98                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::99                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::100                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::101                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::102                  40059                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::103                      2                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::104                    622                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::105                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::106                    540                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::107                     10                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::108                   1485                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::109                     28                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::110                   5836                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::111                    975                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::112                 222884                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::113                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::114                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::115                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::116                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::117                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::118                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::119                   1288                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::120                     15                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::121                     28                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::122                     34                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::123                     77                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::124                     87                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::125                    198                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::126                    439                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::127                   6570                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::128                  25328                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::129                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::130                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::131                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::132                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::133                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::134                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::135                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::136                  52368                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::137                    238                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::138                    798                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::139                    230                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::140                   2457                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::141                    246                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::142                   6775                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::143                   2158                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::144                 207723                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::145                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::146                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::147                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::148                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::149                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::150                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::151                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::152                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::153                   2524                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::154                     21                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::155                    127                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::156                     92                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::157                    300                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::158                    383                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::159                   4298                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::160                  11069                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::161                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::162                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::163                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::164                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::165                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::166                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::167                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::168                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::169                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::170                  50282                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::171                      9                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::172                   2604                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::173                     24                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::174                   8299                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::175                    404                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::176                 108040                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::177                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::178                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::179                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::180                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::181                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::182                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::183                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::184                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::185                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::186                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::187                   9306                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::188                     47                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::189                    462                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::190                    306                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::191                   5066                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::192                   5709                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::193                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::194                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::195                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::196                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::197                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::198                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::199                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::200                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::201                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::202                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::203                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::204                 166870                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::205                     27                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::206                  10259                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::207                    294                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::208                 110575                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::209                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::210                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::211                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::212                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::213                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::214                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::215                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::216                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::217                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::218                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::219                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::220                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::221                  33132                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::222                    152                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::223                   7172                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::224                   3406                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::225                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::226                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::227                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::228                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::229                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::230                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::231                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::232                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::233                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::234                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::235                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::236                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::237                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::238                 628543                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::239                    200                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::240                 127234                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::241                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::242                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::243                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::244                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::245                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::246                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::247                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::248                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::249                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::250                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::251                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::252                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::253                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::254                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::255                 447996                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::256                   1998                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::257                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::258                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::259                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::260                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::261                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::262                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::263                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::264                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::265                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::266                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::267                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::268                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::269                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::270                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::271                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::272                7989426                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::273                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::total             18228386                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ranks                   18228386                       # Total number of eranks.
system.l3.tags.total_invalid_fill              203393                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::0                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::1                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::2                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::3                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::4                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::5                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::6                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::7                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::8                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::0                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::1                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::2                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::3                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::4                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::5                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::6                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::7                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::8                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::total                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::0                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::1                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::2                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::3                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::4                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::total                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::0                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::1                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::2                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::3                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::total                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 65373.098146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                    20271819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                  18293922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                      1.108118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle              143497617064000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1465.728459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.015374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.100932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     8.255572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 60233.599177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.652343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data  3664.746288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.022365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.919092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.055920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          975                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8514                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        26585                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        29362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                1272317699                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses               1272317699                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 147284455810302                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      9034732                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          9034732                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       118672                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                118681                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1511425                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       346587                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1858012                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1630097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       346596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  1976693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1630097                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       346596                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 1976693                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        19119                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               19170                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     14942663                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2654909                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        17598432                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     14961782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2654960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total               17617602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                  5                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     14961782                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2654960                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total              17617602                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2321851158                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      5743584                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2327594742                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       325008                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       549783                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     88546032                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1821747681414                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     23910066                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 336978240777                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 2158839253080                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst        325008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data        549783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     88546032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1824069532572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     23910066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 336983984361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     2161166847822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       325008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       549783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     88546032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1824069532572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     23910066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 336983984361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    2161166847822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      9034732                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      9034732                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       137791                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            137851                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16454088                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001496                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      19456444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16591879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total             19594295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data                5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16591879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      3001556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total            19594295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138754                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.850000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.139063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908143                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.884529                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.904504                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.901753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.884528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.899119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.901753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.884528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.899119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 121442.081594                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 112619.294118                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121418.609390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       108336                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 109956.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 137707.670295                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 121915.864757                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 114402.229665                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 126926.474985                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122672.250180                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       108336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 109956.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 137707.670295                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 121915.259330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 114402.229665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 126926.200154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122670.886073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       108336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 109956.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 137707.670295                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 121915.259330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 114402.229665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 126926.200154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122670.886073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.total_trans::0                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::1                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::2                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::3                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::total                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks              8767304                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                   8767304                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       480337                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        480337                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        19119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          19170                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14942663                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2654909                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     17598432                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14961782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2654960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          17617602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data             5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14961782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2654960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         17617602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1554669866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      3696959                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1558366825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       204608                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       349613                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62745203                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1222156521450                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     15523500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 230447379808                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1452682724182                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       204608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       349613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62745203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1223711191316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     15523500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 230451076767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1454241091007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       204608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       349613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62745203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1223711191316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     15523500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 230451076767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1454241091007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.884529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.904504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.901753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.884528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.899119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.901753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.884528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.899119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81315.438360                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 72489.392157                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81291.957486                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68202.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69922.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97581.964230                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81789.739985                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 74275.119617                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 86800.481601                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82546.145258                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68202.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69922.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97581.964230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81789.133896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 74275.119617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 86800.206695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82544.780556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68202.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69922.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97581.964230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81789.133896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 74275.119617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 86800.206695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82544.780556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      35169129                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     17551527                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 147284455810302                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           17598432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8767304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          8784223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             19170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            19170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      17598432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     26393334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     26393397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total     52786731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               52786731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    844312512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    844321472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total   1688633984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1688633984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          17617602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                17617602    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            17617602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         41545286532                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         41544310789                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        96796569925                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            336629235                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             539891                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        337169126                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            57216921                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               932                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        57217853                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            393846156                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             540823                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        394386979                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1000540825                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                15                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1000540840                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 3807467493228                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles              10769906676                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1000000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1000000002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     642820544                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      682944718                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls             1322814                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts     17211618                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            642820544                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             682944718                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads    713377757                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    295028038                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads    763125300                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    627237675                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             394386979                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           337169126                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts           57217853                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       22815.708185                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       10769883860.291815                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999998                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000002                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                  18841423                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass       2337352      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         247503173     24.74%     24.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult           135314      0.01%     24.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     24.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd       188819630     18.87%     43.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp         1101312      0.11%     43.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt         1102081      0.11%     44.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult      164934472     16.48%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv          220416      0.02%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead         63595704      6.36%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite         4024564      0.40%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead    273573518     27.34%     94.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite     53193289      5.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1000540825                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.lookups       2243859                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condPredicted      2166937                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condIncorrect         4275                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBLookups      2071997                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHits       2012403                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHitPct    97.123838                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.usedRAS             0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectLookups            0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectHits            0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectMisses            0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_hits          103249818                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_misses          1060291                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_accesses      104310109                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_hits          10720109                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_misses             576                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_accesses      10720685                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_hits          113969927                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_misses          1060867                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_accesses      115030794                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_hits          17308897                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_misses               7                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_accesses      17308904                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 3807467493228                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.numCycles              663905417                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17508771                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Insts            241183850                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Branches           2243859                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.predictedBranches      2012403                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Cycles           646014628                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.SquashCycles        613852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          760                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.CacheLines        17308897                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2237                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::samples    663831087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.363321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.617827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::0      628950879     94.75%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::1        1973026      0.30%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::2         692915      0.10%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::3        1608229      0.24%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::4        1611111      0.24%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::5         667114      0.10%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::6         747135      0.11%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::7        1907941      0.29%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::8       25672737      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::total    663831087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.branchRate        0.003380                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rate              0.363280                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.IdleCycles        6368326                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BlockedCycles    628233526                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.RunCycles        18887335                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.UnblockCycles     10034981                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashCycles       306918                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchResolved      1821362                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchMispred            8                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.DecodedInsts    227379294                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SquashCycles       306918                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IdleCycles       10714865                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.BlockCycles     223859840                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RunCycles        24291440                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UnblockCycles    404658023                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedInsts    224785585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IQFullEvents      6072929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.LQFullEvents    401524232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SQFullEvents         1621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedOperands    210865529                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenameLookups    331188848                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.int_rename_lookups    172203898                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.fp_rename_lookups    158984950                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.CommittedMaps    187626846                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UndoneMaps       23238616                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.skidInsts        60154177                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedLoads     93114753                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedStores     11679219                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingLoads       104284                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingStores        97544                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsAdded        223661717                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsIssued       228783346                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       345967                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23661654                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14253057                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    663831087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.344641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.209390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    588120135     88.59%     88.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27394444      4.13%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13272255      2.00%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7943682      1.20%     95.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8988275      1.35%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5463512      0.82%     98.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4799236      0.72%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3849114      0.58%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4000434      0.60%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    663831087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         51030      0.40%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntMult          512      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       913737      7.23%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      7.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemRead      5163468     40.88%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121806      0.96%     49.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead      6379303     50.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           10      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     44531119     19.46%     19.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        96406      0.04%     19.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     19.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     27411546     11.98%     31.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     41695208     18.22%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29540607     12.91%     62.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1805158      0.79%     63.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead     74786770     32.69%     96.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      8916532      3.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::total    228783346                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.rate                 0.344602                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_cnt          12629866                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.055204                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    821194048                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     79842236                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     72917165                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    313179561                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    167481670                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    142530510                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_alu_accesses     81310106                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_alu_accesses     160103106                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       563394                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      9699147                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1086772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     11940771                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewSquashCycles       306918                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewBlockCycles      17378649                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewUnblockCycles    206291455                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    223847763                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1759                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     93114753                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     11679219                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIQFullEvents        21927                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents    206241270                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         3860                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          455                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.branchMispredicts         4315                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecutedInsts    228715375                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    104310109                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        67968                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_nop              186046                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_refs          115030794                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_branches        1994186                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_stores         10720685                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_rate           0.344500                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_sent            216536096                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_count           215447675                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_producers       142929870                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_consumers       149806900                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_rate             0.324516                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_fanout           0.954094                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22578881                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branchMispredicts         4267                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    660872551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.302911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    617686935     93.47%     93.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12559098      1.90%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4324007      0.65%     96.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2634300      0.40%     96.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2277967      0.34%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1621347      0.25%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1680313      0.25%     97.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       933650      0.14%     97.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     17154934      2.60%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    660872551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedInsts    200185515                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedOps    200185515                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.refs             94008030                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.loads            83415586                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.membars                 0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branches          1780705                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.fp_insts        133556284                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.int_insts       133992906                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       185513      0.09%      0.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     39964775     19.96%     20.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        96303      0.05%     20.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     20.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd     26372358     13.17%     33.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult     39558536     19.76%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     53.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     24580982     12.28%     65.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      1801658      0.90%     66.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     58834604     29.39%     95.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      8790786      4.39%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::total    200185515                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.bw_lim_events     17154934                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_reads          862553140                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_writes         448487401                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus_1.timesIdled                   365                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus_1.idleCycles                 74330                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus_1.committedInsts         200000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.committedOps           200000002                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi                     3.319527                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi_total               3.319527                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc                     0.301248                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc_total               0.301248                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_reads      181604774                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_writes      69121697                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_reads       147037043                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_writes      133639309                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     39183935                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     19589640                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        1157197                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1157197                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 147284455810302                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          19456444                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     17802036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        20015984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           137851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          137851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     19456444                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     58778236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side   1832257728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                        18228386                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                 561107456                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples         37822687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.030595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.172219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0               36665490     96.94%     96.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                1157197      3.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total           37822687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16056816111                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy       13049802468                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
